Quantum mechanics, also known as quantum physics, is the fundamental physical theory that describes the behavior of matter and of light; the behaviors it models typically occur at and below the scale of atoms, and have often been described as counterintuitive.
Its concepts and methods have been applied across many disciplines, including quantum chemistry, quantum biology, quantum field theory, quantum technology, and quantum information science.
General relativity, also known as the general theory of relativity, and as Einstein's theory of gravity, is the geometric theory of gravitation published by Albert Einstein in May 1916 and is the accepted description of the gravitation of macroscopic objects in modern physics.
General relativity generalizes special relativity and refines Isaac Newton's law of universal gravitation, providing a unified description of gravity as a geometric property of space and time, or four-dimensional spacetime.
In particular, the curvature of spacetime is directly related to the energy, momentum, and stress of whatever is present, including matter and radiation.
The relation is specified by the Einstein field equations, a system of second-order partial differential equations.
John Archibald Wheeler summarized it: "Space-time tells matter how to move; matter tells space-time how to curve."
A black hole is an astronomical body so compact that its gravity prevents anything, including light, from escaping.
Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity, which describes gravitation as the curvature of spacetime, predicts that any sufficiently compact mass will form a black hole.
The boundary of no escape is called the event horizon.
In general relativity, crossing a black hole's event horizon traps an object inside but produces no locally detectable change.
General relativity also predicts that every black hole should have a central singularity, where the curvature of spacetime is infinite.
In physics, string theory is a theoretical framework in which the point-like particles of particle physics are replaced by one-dimensional objects called strings.
String theory describes how these strings move through space and interact with each other by vibrations.
On distance scales larger than the string scale, a string acts like a particle, with its mass, charge, and other properties determined by the vibrational state of the string.
In string theory, one of the many vibrational states of the string corresponds to the graviton, a quantum mechanical particle that carries the gravitational force.
Thus, string theory is a theory of quantum gravity.
Particle physics or high-energy physics is the study of fundamental particles and forces that constitute matter and radiation.
The field also studies combinations of elementary particles up to the scale of protons and neutrons, while the study of combinations of protons and neutrons is called nuclear physics.
The Standard Model of particle physics is the theory describing three of the four known fundamental forces in the universe and classifying all known elementary particles.
It was developed in stages throughout the latter half of the 20th century, through the work of many scientists worldwide, with the current formulation being finalized in the mid-1970s upon experimental confirmation of the existence of quarks.
Since then, proof of the top quark (1995), the tau neutrino (2000), and the Higgs boson (2012) have added further credence to the Standard Model.
In addition, the Standard Model has predicted with great accuracy the various properties of weak neutral currents and the W and Z bosons.
In physics, electromagnetism is an interaction that occurs between particles with electric charge via electromagnetic fields.
The electromagnetic force is one of the four fundamental forces of nature.
It is the dominant force in the interactions of atoms and molecules.
Electromagnetism describes and relates the three distinct but closely intertwined phenomena of electricity, magnetism, and optics.
In the study of electromagnetism these phenomena are described by the 3 sub-disciplines: electrostatics, magnetostatics, and electrodynamics.
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics that deals with heat, work, and temperature, and their relation to energy, entropy, and the physical properties of matter and radiation.
The behavior of these quantities is governed by the four laws of thermodynamics, which convey a quantitative description using measurable macroscopic physical quantities but may be explained in terms of microscopic constituents by statistical mechanics.
Thermodynamics applies to various topics in science and engineering, especially physical chemistry, biochemistry, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering, as well as other complex fields such as meteorology.
Entropy is a thermodynamic state variable that quantifies the probabilistic distribution of accessible microstates in a system.
The term and the concept are used in diverse fields, from classical thermodynamics, to the microscopic description of nature in statistical physics, and the principles of information theory.
It has far-ranging applications in chemistry and physics, in biological systems and their relation to life, in cosmology, economics, and information systems including the transmission of information in telecommunication.
Information theory is the mathematical study of the quantification, storage, and communication of a particular type of mathematically defined information.
The field was established and formalized by Claude Shannon in the 1940s, though early contributions were made in the 1920s through the works of Harry Nyquist and Ralph Hartley.
Chaos theory is a branch of mathematics and an interdisciplinary area of scientific study.
It focuses on underlying patterns and deterministic laws of dynamical systems that are highly sensitive to initial conditions.
These were once thought to have completely random states of disorder and irregularities.
The theory states that within the apparent randomness of chaotic complex systems, there are underlying patterns, interconnection, constant feedback loops, repetition, self-similarity, fractals and self-organization.
The butterfly effect, an underlying principle of chaos, describes how a small change in one state of a deterministic nonlinear system can result in large differences in a later state.
A metaphor for this behavior is that a butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil can cause or prevent a tornado in Texas.
In mathematics, a fractal is a geometric shape containing detailed structure at arbitrarily small scales, usually having a fractal dimension strictly exceeding the topological dimension.
Many fractals appear similar at various scales, as illustrated in successive magnifications of the Mandelbrot set.
This exhibition of similar patterns at increasingly smaller scales is called self-similarity, also known as expanding symmetry or unfolding symmetry; if this replication is exactly the same at every scale, as in the Menger sponge, the shape is called affine self-similar.
Fractal geometry relates to the mathematical branch of measure theory by their Hausdorff dimension.
Mathematics is a field of knowledge concerned with abstract concepts such as numbers, geometric shapes, sets, functions, and probabilities.
It uses logical reasoning and proof to study and establish their properties, often expressed as theorems, formulas, and equations.
Mathematics is used to model and solve problems in science, engineering, technology, economics, and everyday life.
Calculus is the branch of mathematics that studies continuous change, and is the principal precursor of modern mathematical analysis.
Originally called infinitesimal calculus or the calculus of infinitesimals, it has two major branches, differential calculus and integral calculus.
Differential calculus studies instantaneous rates of change and slopes of curves; integral calculus studies accumulation of quantities and areas under or between curves.
These two branches are related to each other by the fundamental theorem of calculus.
Calculus uses convergence of infinite sequences and infinite series to a well-defined mathematical limit.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics that deals with abstract systems, known as algebraic structures, and the manipulation of expressions within those systems.
It is a generalization of arithmetic that introduces variables and algebraic operations other than the standard arithmetic operations, such as addition and multiplication.
Geometry is a branch of mathematics concerned with properties of space such as the distance, shape, size, and relative position of figures.
Geometry is, along with arithmetic, one of the oldest branches of mathematics.
A mathematician who works in the field of geometry is called a geometer.
Until the 19th century, geometry was almost exclusively devoted to Euclidean geometry, which includes the notions of point, line, plane, distance, angle, surface, and curve, as fundamental concepts.
Topology is the branch of mathematics concerned with the properties of a geometric object that are preserved under continuous deformations, such as stretching, twisting, crumpling, and bending; that is, without closing holes, opening holes, tearing, gluing, or passing through itself.
Number theory is a branch of mathematics devoted primarily to the study of the integers and arithmetic functions.
Number theorists study prime numbers as well as the properties of mathematical objects constructed from integers, or defined as generalizations of the integers.
Probability concerns events and numerical descriptions of how likely they are to occur.
The probability of an event is a number between 0 and 1; the larger the probability, the more likely an event is to occur.
This number is often expressed as a percentage (%), ranging from 0% to 100%.
A simple example is the tossing of a fair (unbiased) coin.
Since the coin is fair, the two outcomes are both equally probable; the probability of "heads" equals the probability of "tails"; and since no other outcomes are possible, the probability of either "heads" or "tails" is 1/2.
Statistics is the discipline that concerns the collection, organization, analysis, interpretation, and presentation of data.
In applying statistics to a scientific, industrial, or social problem, it is conventional to begin with a statistical population or a statistical model to be studied.
Populations can be diverse groups of people or objects such as "all people living in a country" or "every atom composing a crystal".
Statistics deals with every aspect of data, including the planning of data collection in terms of the design of surveys and experiments.
Statistics is deeply related to subjects like physics, chemistry, geography, geopolitics, and especially mathematics.
Linear algebra is the branch of mathematics concerning linear equations such as
In mathematics, a differential equation is an equation that relates one or more unknown functions and their derivatives.
In applications, the functions generally represent physical quantities, the derivatives represent their rates of change, and the differential equation defines a relationship between the two.
Such relations are common in mathematical models and scientific laws; therefore, differential equations play a prominent role in many disciplines including engineering, physics, economics, and biology.
Physics is the scientific study of matter, its fundamental constituents, its motion and behavior through space and time, and the related entities of energy and force.
It is one of the most fundamental scientific disciplines.
A scientist who specializes in the field of physics is called a physicist.
Chemistry is the scientific study of the properties and behavior of matter.
It is a physical science within the natural sciences that studies matter: composition, structure, properties, behavior and the changes they undergo during reactions with other substances.
Chemistry also addresses the nature of chemical bonds in chemical compounds.
Biology is the scientific study of life and living organisms.
It is a broad natural science that encompasses a wide range of fields and unifying principles that explain the structure, function, growth, origin, evolution, and distribution of life.
Central to biology are five fundamental themes: the cell as the basic unit of life, genes and heredity as the basis of inheritance, evolution as the driver of biological diversity, energy transformation for sustaining life processes, and homeostasis, the maintenance of internal stability.
Astronomy is a natural science that studies celestial objects and the phenomena that occur in the cosmos.
It uses mathematics, physics, and chemistry to explain their origin and their overall evolution.
Objects of interest include planets, moons, stars, nebulae, galaxies, meteoroids, asteroids, and comets.
Relevant phenomena include supernova explosions, gamma ray bursts, quasars, blazars, pulsars, and cosmic microwave background radiation.
More generally, astronomy studies everything that originates beyond Earth's atmosphere.
Cosmology is the branch of astronomy that studies the universe as a whole.
Cosmology is the study of the nature of the universe, the cosmos.
The term cosmology was first used in English in 1656 in Thomas Blount's Glossographia, with the meaning of "a speaking of the world".
In 1731, German philosopher Christian Wolff used the term cosmology in Latin (cosmologia) to denote a branch of metaphysics that deals with the general nature of the physical world.
Cosmology is investigated by scientists, including astronomers and physicists, as well as philosophers, such as metaphysicians, philosophers of physics, and philosophers of space and time.
Because of this shared scope with philosophy, theories in cosmology may include both scientific and non-scientific propositions and may depend upon assumptions that cannot be tested.
Religious or mythological cosmology is a body of beliefs based on mythological, religious, and esoteric literature and traditions of creation myths and eschatology.
Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system, its functions, and its disorders.
It is a multidisciplinary science that combines physiology, anatomy, molecular biology, developmental biology, cytology, psychology, physics, computer science, chemistry, medicine, statistics, and mathematical modeling to understand the fundamental and emergent properties of neurons, glia, and neural circuits.
The understanding of the biological basis of learning, memory, behavior, perception, and consciousness has been described by Eric Kandel as the "epic challenge" of the biological sciences.
Computer science is the study of computation, information, and automation.
Included broadly in the sciences, computer science spans theoretical disciplines to applied disciplines.
An expert in the field is known as a computer scientist.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is the capability of computational systems to perform tasks typically associated with human intelligence, such as learning, reasoning, problem-solving, perception, and decision-making.
It is a field of research in engineering, mathematics, and computer science that develops and studies methods and software that enable machines to perceive their environment and use learning and intelligence to take actions that maximise their chances of achieving defined goals.
In machine learning, deep learning (DL) focuses on utilizing multilayered neural networks to perform tasks such as classification, regression, and representation learning.
The field takes inspiration from biological neuroscience and revolves around stacking artificial neurons into layers and "training" them to process data.
The adjective "deep" refers to the use of multiple layers in the network.
Methods used can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.
In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm is a finite sequence of mathematically rigorous logical instructions, typically used to solve a class of specific problems or to perform a computation.
Algorithms are used as specifications for performing calculations and data processing.
More advanced algorithms can use conditionals to divert the code execution through various routes and deduce valid inferences.
Cryptography, or cryptology, is the practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of adversarial behavior.
More generally, cryptography is about constructing and analyzing protocols that prevent third parties or the public from reading private messages.
Modern cryptography exists at the intersection of the disciplines of mathematics, computer science, information security, electrical engineering, digital signal processing, physics, and others.
Core concepts related to information security are also central to cryptography.
Practical applications of cryptography include electronic commerce, chip-based payment cards, digital currencies, computer passwords and military communications.
Philosophy is a systematic study of general and fundamental questions concerning topics like existence, knowledge, mind, reason, language, and value.
It is a rational and critical inquiry that reflects on its methods and assumptions.
Logic is the study of correct reasoning.
It includes both formal and informal logic.
Formal logic is the study of deductively valid inferences or logical truths.
It examines how conclusions follow from premises based on the structure of arguments alone, independent of their topic and content.
Informal logic is associated with informal fallacies, critical thinking, and argumentation theory.
Informal logic examines arguments expressed in natural language whereas formal logic uses formal language.
When used as a countable noun, the term "a logic" refers to a specific logical formal system that articulates a proof system.
Logic plays a central role in many fields, such as philosophy, mathematics, computer science, and linguistics.
Ethics is the philosophical study of moral phenomena.
Also called moral philosophy, it investigates normative questions about what people ought to do or which behavior is morally right.
Its main branches include normative ethics, applied ethics, and metaethics.
Epistemology is the branch of philosophy that examines the nature, origin, and limits of knowledge.
Also called the theory of knowledge, it explores different types of knowledge, such as propositional knowledge about facts, practical knowledge in the form of skills, and knowledge by acquaintance as a familiarity through experience.
Epistemologists study the concepts of belief, truth, and justification to understand the nature of knowledge.
To discover how knowledge arises, they investigate sources of justification, such as perception, introspection, memory, reason, and testimony.
Metaphysics is the branch of philosophy that examines the basic nature or most fundamental structure of reality.
It is traditionally seen as the study of mind-independent features of the world, but some theorists view it as an inquiry into the conceptual framework of human understanding.
Some philosophers, including Aristotle, designate metaphysics as the first philosophy to suggest that it is more fundamental than other forms of philosophical inquiry.
Psychology is the scientific study of the mind and behavior.
Its subject matter includes the behavior of humans and nonhumans, both conscious and unconscious phenomena, and mental processes such as thoughts, feelings, and motives.
Psychology is an academic discipline of broad scope, crossing the boundaries between the natural and social sciences.
Sociology is the scientific study of human society that focuses on human social behavior, patterns of social relationships, social interaction, and aspects of culture associated with everyday life.
The term sociology was coined in the late 18th century to describe the scientific study of society.
As a social science, sociology uses various methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about social order and social change.
Sociological subject matter ranges from micro-level analyses of individual interaction and agency to macro-level analyses of social systems and social structure.
Applied sociological research may be directed toward social policy and welfare, whereas theoretical approaches may focus on understanding social processes and the phenomenological method.
Economics is a social science that studies the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services.
History is the systematic study of the past, focusing primarily on the human past.
As an academic discipline, it analyses and interprets evidence to construct narratives about what happened and explain why it happened.
Some theorists categorize history as a social science, while others see it as part of the humanities or consider it a hybrid discipline.
Similar debates surround the purpose of history—for example, whether its main aim is theoretical, to uncover the truth, or practical, to learn lessons from the past.
In a more general sense, the term history refers not to an academic field but to the past itself, times in the past, or to individual texts about the past.
Geography is the study of the lands, features, inhabitants, and phenomena of planet Earth.
Geography is an all-encompassing discipline that seeks an understanding of Earth and its human and natural complexities—not merely where objects are, but also how they have changed and come to be.
While geography is specific to Earth, many concepts can be applied more broadly to other celestial bodies in the field of planetary science.
Geography has been called "a bridge between natural science and social science disciplines."
Geology is a branch of natural science concerned with the Earth and other astronomical bodies, the rocks of which they are composed, and the processes by which they change over time.
The name comes from Ancient Greek  γῆ (gê) 'earth' and  λoγία (-logía) 'study of, discourse'.
Modern geology significantly overlaps all other Earth sciences, including hydrology.
It is integrated with Earth system science and planetary science.
Climate is the long-term weather pattern in a region, typically averaged over 30 years.
More rigorously, it is the mean and variability of meteorological variables over a time spanning from months to millions of years.
Some of the meteorological variables that are commonly measured are temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, wind, and precipitation.
In a broader sense, climate is the state of the components of the climate system, including the atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, lithosphere and biosphere and the interactions between them.
The climate of a location is affected by its latitude, longitude, terrain, altitude, land use and nearby water bodies and their currents.
Ecology is the natural science of the relationships among living organisms and their environment.
Ecology considers organisms at the individual, population, community, ecosystem, and biosphere levels.
Ecology overlaps with the closely related sciences of biogeography, evolutionary biology, genetics, ethology, and natural history.
Evolution is the change in the heritable characteristics of biological populations over successive generations.
It occurs when evolutionary processes such as genetic drift and natural selection act on genetic variation, resulting in certain characteristics becoming more or less common within a population over successive generations.
The process of evolution has given rise to biodiversity at every level of biological organisation.
Genetics is the study of genes, genetic variation, and heredity in organisms.
It is an important branch in biology because heredity is vital to organisms' evolution.
Gregor Mendel, a Moravian Augustinian friar working in the 19th century in Brno, was the first to study genetics scientifically.
Mendel studied "trait inheritance", patterns in the way traits are handed down from parents to offspring over time.
He observed that organisms inherit traits by way of discrete "units of inheritance".
This term, still used today, is a somewhat ambiguous definition of what is referred to as a gene.
Deoxyribonucleic acid is a polymer composed of two polynucleotide chains that coil around each other to form a double helix.
The polymer carries genetic instructions for the development, functioning, growth and reproduction of all known organisms and many viruses.
DNA and ribonucleic acid (RNA) are nucleic acids.
Alongside proteins, lipids and complex carbohydrates (polysaccharides), nucleic acids are one of the four major types of macromolecules that are essential for all known forms of life.
Proteins are large biomolecules and macromolecules that comprise one or more long chains of amino acid residues.
Proteins perform a vast array of functions within organisms, including catalysing metabolic reactions, DNA replication, responding to stimuli, providing structure to cells and organisms, and transporting molecules from one location to another.
Proteins differ from one another primarily in their sequence of amino acids, which is dictated by the nucleotide sequence of their genes, and which usually results in protein folding into a specific 3D structure that determines its activity.
Pharmacology is the science of drugs and medications, including a substance's origin, composition and interaction with biological systems; specifically through pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, therapeutic use, and toxicology.
The discipline examines these interactions through pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, both of which determine how a substance alters normal or abnormal biochemical function.
Substances with medicinal properties are classified as pharmaceuticals, while the term drug encompasses any chemical agent that alters biological processes.
Nanopharmacology is the specialization of pharmacology in the nanoscale.
Technology is the application of conceptual knowledge to achieve practical goals, especially in a reproducible way.
The word technology can also mean the products resulting from such efforts, including both tangible products such as tools or machines, and intangible ones such as software.
Technology plays a critical role in science, engineering, and everyday life.
Engineering is the practice of systematically applying natural science and mathematics to design and improve systems, devices, or processes that solve problems under constraints.
It is typically motivated by satisfying human needs, resulting in creations such as bridges, engines, smartphones, pacemakers, the internet, spacecraft, and washing machines.
Engineering involves balancing competing demands such as safety, performance, aesthetics, cost, laws and regulations, and time, while operating within fundamental limits such as the laws of physics.
Robotics is the interdisciplinary study and practice of the design, construction, operation, and use of robots.
A roboticist is someone who specializes in robotics.
Robotics usually combines four aspects of design work: a power source, mechanical construction, a control system, and software.
Biotechnology is a multidisciplinary field that involves the integration of natural sciences and engineering sciences to achieve the application of organisms and parts thereof for products and services.
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that uses the Internet protocol suite (TCP/IP) to communicate between networks and devices.
It is a network of networks that comprises private, public, academic, business, and government networks of local to global scope, linked by electronic, wireless, and optical networking technologies.
The Internet carries a vast range of information services and resources, such as the interlinked hypertext documents and applications of the World Wide Web (WWW), electronic mail, discussion groups, internet telephony, streaming media and file sharing.
The World Wide Web is a global interconnected information system that enables content sharing over the Internet.
It facilitates access to documents and other web resources according to specific rules of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).
Software engineering is a branch of both computer science and engineering focused on designing, developing, testing, and maintaining software applications.
It involves applying engineering principles and computer programming expertise to develop software systems that meet user needs.
Computer graphics (CG) deals with generating images and art with the aid of computers.
Computer graphics is a core technology in digital photography, film, video games, digital art, cell phone and computer displays, and many specialized applications.
A great deal of specialized hardware and software has been developed, with the displays of most devices being driven by computer graphics hardware.
It is a vast and recently developed area of computer science.
The phrase was coined in 1960 by computer graphics researchers Verne Hudson and William Fetter of Boeing.
It is often abbreviated as CG, or typically in the context of film as computer generated imagery (CGI).
The non-artistic aspects of computer graphics are the subject of computer science research.
Music is the arrangement of sound to create some combination of form, harmony, melody, rhythm, or otherwise expressive content.
Music is generally agreed to be a cultural universal that is present in all human societies.
Definitions of music vary widely in substance and approach.
While scholars agree that music is defined by a small number of specific elements, there is no consensus as to what these necessary elements are.
Music is often characterized as a highly versatile medium for expressing human creativity.
Diverse activities are involved in the creation of music, and are often divided into categories of composition, improvisation, and performance.
Music may be performed using a wide variety of musical instruments, including the human voice.
It can also be composed, sequenced, or otherwise produced to be indirectly played mechanically or electronically, such as via a music box, barrel organ, or digital audio workstation software on a computer.
Art is a diverse range of cultural activity centered around works utilizing creative or imaginative talents, which are expected to evoke a worthwhile experience, generally through an expression of emotional power, conceptual ideas, technical proficiency, or beauty.
Literature is any collection of written work.
The term is also used more narrowly for writings considered an art form, especially novels, plays, and poems.
It includes both print and digital writing.
In recent centuries, the definition has expanded to include oral literature, much of which has been transcribed.
Literature is a method of recording, preserving, and transmitting knowledge and entertainment.
It can also have a social, psychological, spiritual, or political role.
Poetry is a form of literary art that uses aesthetic and often rhythmic qualities of language to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, literal or surface-level meanings.
A particular instance of poetry is a poem and is written by a poet.
Poets use a variety of techniques called poetic devices, such as assonance, alliteration, consonance, euphony and cacophony, onomatopoeia, rhythm, rhyme schemes and sound symbolism, to produce musical or other artistic effects.
They also frequently organize these devices into poetic structures, which may be strict or loose, conventional or invented by the poet.
Poetic structures vary dramatically by language and cultural convention, but they often rely on rhythmic metre: patterns of syllable stress or syllable weight.
They may also use repeating patterns of phonemes, phoneme groups, tones, words, or entire phrases.
Poetic structures may even be semantic.
Theatre or theater is a collaborative form of performing art that uses live performers, usually actors, to present experiences of a real or imagined event before a live audience in a specific place, often a stage.
The performers may communicate this experience to the audience through combinations of gesture, speech, song, music, and dance.
A film, movie, or motion picture is a work of visual art that simulates experiences and otherwise communicates ideas, stories, perceptions, emotions, or atmosphere through the use of moving images that are generally, since the 1930s, synchronized with sound and sometimes feature other sensory stimuli.
Architecture is the study and practice of designing structures, especially habitable ones.
It utilizes civil engineering techniques, but is considered a visual art.
It is both the process and the product of sketching, conceiving, planning, designing, and constructing buildings or other structures.
The term comes from Latin  architectura; from Ancient Greek  ἀρχιτέκτων (arkhitéktōn) 'architect'; from  ἀρχι- (arkhi-) 'chief' and  τέκτων (téktōn) 'creator'.
Architectural works, in the material form of buildings, are often perceived as cultural symbols and as works of art.
Historical civilizations are often identified with their surviving architectural achievements.
Sculpture is the branch of the visual arts that operates in three dimensions.
Sculpture is the three-dimensional artwork which is physically presented in the dimensions of height, width and depth.
It is one of the plastic arts.
Durable sculptural processes originally used carving and modelling, in stone, metal, ceramics, wood and other materials but, since Modernism, there has been almost complete freedom of materials and process.
A wide variety of materials may be worked by removal such as carving, assembled by welding or modelling, or moulded or cast.
Painting is a visual art, characterized by the practice of applying paint, pigment, color, or other medium to a solid surface.
The medium is commonly applied to the base with a brush.
Other implements, such as palette knives, sponges, airbrushes, the artist's fingers, or even a dripping technique that uses gravity may be used.
One who produces paintings is called a painter.
Dance is an art form, consisting of sequences of body movements with aesthetic and often symbolic value, either improvised or purposefully selected.
Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements or by its historical period or place of origin.
Dance is typically performed with musical accompaniment, and sometimes with the dancer simultaneously using a musical instrument themselves.
Opera is a form of Western theatre in which music is a fundamental component and dramatic roles are taken by singers.
Such a "work" is typically a collaboration between a composer and a librettist and incorporates a number of the performing arts, such as acting, scenery, costume, and sometimes dance or ballet.
The performance is typically given in an opera house, accompanied by an orchestra or smaller musical ensemble, which since the early 19th century has been led by a conductor.
Although musical theatre is closely related to opera, the two are considered to be distinct from one another.
Ballet is a type of performance dance that originated during the Italian Renaissance in the fifteenth century and later developed into a concert dance form in France and Russia.
It has since become a widespread and highly technical form of dance with its own vocabulary.
Ballet has been influential globally and has defined the foundational techniques which are used in many other dance genres and cultures.
Various schools around the world have incorporated their own cultures.
As a result, ballet has evolved in distinct ways.
Agriculture is the practice of cultivating the soil, planting, raising, and harvesting both food and non-food crops, as well as livestock production.
Broader definitions also include forestry and aquaculture.
Agriculture was a key factor in the rise of sedentary human civilization, whereby farming of domesticated plants and animals created food surpluses that enabled people to live in the cities.
While humans started gathering grains at least 105,000 years ago, nascent farmers only began planting them around 11,500 years ago.
Sheep, goats, pigs, and cattle were domesticated around 10,000 years ago.
Plants were independently cultivated in at least 11 regions of the world.
In the 20th century, industrial agriculture based on large-scale monocultures came to dominate agricultural output.
Manufacturing is the creation or production of goods with the help of equipment, labor, machines, tools, and chemical or biological processing or formulation.
It is the essence of the secondary sector of the economy.
The term may refer to a range of human activity, from handicraft to high-tech, but it is most commonly applied to industrial design, in which raw materials from the primary sector are transformed into finished goods on a large scale.
Such goods may be sold to other manufacturers for the production of other more complex products, or distributed via the tertiary sector to end users and consumers.
A satellite or an artificial satellite is an object, typically a spacecraft, placed into orbit around a celestial body.
They have a variety of uses, including communication relay, weather forecasting, navigation (GPS), broadcasting, scientific research, and Earth observation.
Additional military uses are reconnaissance, early warning, signals intelligence and, potentially, weapon delivery.
Other satellites include the final rocket stages that place satellites in orbit and formerly useful satellites that later become defunct.
Energy is the quantitative property that is transferred to a body or to a physical system, recognizable in the capacity to do work and in the form of heat and light.
Energy is a conserved quantity—the law of conservation of energy states that energy can be converted in form, but not created or destroyed.
The unit of measurement for energy in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule (J).
Renewable energy is energy made from renewable natural resources that are replenished on a human timescale.
The most widely used renewable energy types are solar energy, wind power, and hydropower.
Bioenergy and geothermal power are also significant in some countries.
Renewable energy installations can be large or small and are suited for both urban and rural areas.
Renewable energy is often deployed together with further electrification.
This has several benefits: electricity can move heat and vehicles efficiently and is clean at the point of consumption.
Variable renewable energy sources are those that have a fluctuating nature, such as wind power and solar power.
In contrast, controllable renewable energy sources include dammed hydroelectricity, bioenergy, or geothermal power.
A fossil fuel is a flammable carbon compound- or hydrocarbon-containing material formed naturally in the Earth's crust from the buried remains of prehistoric organisms, a process that occurs within geological formations.
Reservoirs of such compound mixtures, such as coal, petroleum and natural gas, can be extracted and burnt as fuel for human consumption to provide energy for direct use, to power heat engines that can propel vehicles, or to generate electricity via steam turbine generators.
Some fossil fuels are further refined into derivatives such as kerosene, gasoline and diesel, or converted into petrochemicals such as polyolefins (plastics), aromatics and synthetic resins.
Nuclear power is the use of nuclear reactions to produce electricity.
Nuclear power can be obtained from nuclear fission, nuclear decay and nuclear fusion reactions.
Presently, the vast majority of electricity from nuclear power is produced by nuclear fission of uranium and plutonium in nuclear power plants.
Nuclear decay processes are used in niche applications such as radioisotope thermoelectric generators in some space probes such as Voyager 2.
Reactors producing controlled fusion power have been operated since 1958 but have yet to generate net power and are not expected to be commercially available in the near future.
Wind power is the use of wind energy to generate useful work.
Historically, wind power was used by sails, windmills and windpumps, but today it is mostly used to generate electricity.
This article deals only with wind power for electricity generation.
Today, wind power is generated almost completely using wind turbines, generally grouped into wind farms and connected to the electrical grid.
The scientific method is an empirical method for acquiring knowledge through careful observation, rigorous skepticism, hypothesis testing, and experimental validation.
Developed from ancient and medieval practices, it acknowledges that cognitive assumptions can distort the interpretation of the observation.
The scientific method has characterized science since at least the 17th century.
Scientific inquiry includes creating a testable hypothesis through inductive reasoning, testing it through experiments and statistical analysis, and adjusting or discarding the hypothesis based on the results.
Law is a set of rules that are created and enforced by governmental or societal institutions to regulate behavior, with its precise definition a matter of longstanding debate.
It has been variously described as a science and as the art of justice.
State-enforced laws can be made by a legislature, resulting in statutes; by the executive through decrees and regulations; or by judges' decisions, which form precedent in common law jurisdictions.
An autocrat may exercise those functions within their realm.
The creation of laws themselves may be influenced by a constitution, written or tacit, and the rights encoded therein.
The law shapes politics, economics, history, and society in various ways and also serves as a mediator of relations between people.
In philosophy, empiricism is an epistemological view which holds that true knowledge or justification comes either only or primarily from sensory experience and empirical evidence.
It is one of several competing views within epistemology, along with rationalism and skepticism.
Empiricists argue that empiricism is a more reliable method of finding the truth than relying purely on logical reasoning, because humans have cognitive biases and limitations which lead to errors of judgement.
World War I, or the First World War, also known as the Great War, was a global conflict between two coalitions: the Allies and the Central Powers.
One of the deadliest conflicts in history, World War I resulted in an estimated 15 to 22 million deaths, including those in war crimes and genocides.
The war also helped spread the Spanish flu pandemic.
The conflict saw important developments in weaponry, including the first large-scale use of machine guns, artillery, aircraft, chemical weapons, and tanks.
World War II, or the Second World War, was a global conflict between two coalitions: the Allies and the Axis powers.
Nearly all of the world's countries participated, with many engaging in total war on an unprecedented scale.
World War II was the deadliest conflict in history, causing the deaths of 60 to 75 million people, a majority of whom were civilians.
Millions died as a result of massacres, starvation, disease, and genocides including the Holocaust.
After the Allied victory, Germany, Austria, Japan, and Korea were occupied, and German and Japanese leaders were tried for war crimes.
The Cold War was a period of international geopolitical rivalry between the United States (US) and the Soviet Union (USSR) and their respective allies, the capitalist Western Bloc and communist Eastern Bloc.
It began in the aftermath of the Second World War and ended with the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.
The term cold war is used because there was no direct fighting between the two superpowers, though each supported opposing sides in regional conflicts known as proxy wars.
In addition to the struggle for ideological and economic influence and an arms race in both conventional and nuclear weapons, the Cold War was expressed through technological rivalries such as the Space Race, espionage, propaganda campaigns, embargoes, and sports diplomacy.
The French Revolution was a period of political and societal change in France that began with the Estates General of 1789 and ended with the Coup of 18 Brumaire on 9 November 1799.
Many of the revolution's ideas are considered fundamental principles of liberal democracy, and its values remain central to modern French political discourse.
It was caused by a combination of social, political, and economic factors which the existing regime proved unable to manage.
The American Revolution (1765–1789) was a political movement in the Thirteen Colonies of Great Britain.
It began as a rebellion and turned into a revolution eventually creating the sovereign United States, which was the outcome of the associated American Revolutionary War (1775–1783).
The Second Continental Congress, as the provisional government, established the Continental Army and appointed George Washington as its commander-in-chief in 1775.
The following year, the Congress passed the Lee Resolution on July 2nd and unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence on July 4th.
Throughout most of the war, the outcome appeared uncertain, but a 1781 victory by Washington and the Continental Army in the Siege of Yorktown led King George III and the Fox–North coalition in government to negotiate the cessation of colonial rule and the acknowledgment of American sovereignty, which was formalized in the Treaty of Paris, signed on September 3, 1783.
The Constitution took effect in 1789 and the Bill of Rights was ratified in 1791.
The Renaissance was a European period of history and cultural movement taking place at the end of the Late Middle Ages and the beginning of the early modern era.
It is variously defined as covering the 15th and 16th centuries or, more broadly, as lasting from the 14th century to the 17th.
It was characterized by the European rediscovery and revival of the literary, philosophical, and artistic achievements of classical antiquity.
Associated with great change in art, architecture, politics, literature, exploration and technology, the Renaissance was first centered in the Republic of Florence, then spread to the rest of Italy and later throughout Europe.
In the history of Europe, the Middle Ages or medieval period lasted approximately from the 5th to late 15th centuries, comparable with the post-classical period of global history.
The medieval period is the middle epoch of the three traditional divisions of Western history: classical antiquity, the medieval period, and the modern period.
The medieval period is itself subdivided into the Early, High, and Late Middle Ages.
In modern historiography, ancient Rome is the Roman civilisation from the founding of the Italian city of Rome in the 8th century BC to the collapse of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD.
It encompasses the Roman Kingdom (753–509 BC), the Roman Republic (509‍–‍27 BC), and the Roman Empire until the fall of the western empire.
Ancient Greece was an ancient civilization existing from the Greek Dark Ages of the 12th–9th centuries BC to the end of classical antiquity, comprising a loose collection of culturally and linguistically related city-states and regions, primarily centered in the northeastern area of the Mediterranean Sea.
Prior to the Roman period, most of this area was officially unified only once, from 338 to 323 BC under the Kingdom of Macedon.
In Western history, the era of classical antiquity was immediately followed by the Early Middle Ages and the Byzantine period.
Ancient Egypt was a cradle of civilization concentrated along the lower reaches of the Nile River in the eastern part of North Africa.
It emerged from prehistoric Egypt around 3150 BC, when Upper and Lower Egypt were united by Menes, who is believed by the majority of Egyptologists to have been the same person as Narmer.
The history of ancient Egypt unfolded as a series of stable kingdoms interspersed by the "Intermediate Periods" of relative instability.
These stable kingdoms existed in one of three periods: the Old Kingdom of the Early Bronze Age; the Middle Kingdom of the Middle Bronze Age; or the New Kingdom of the Late Bronze Age.
The Byzantine Empire, also known as the Eastern Roman Empire, was the continuation of the Roman Empire centred on Constantinople during late antiquity and the Middle Ages.
Having survived the fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD, it endured until the fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire in 1453.
The term 'Byzantine Empire' was coined only after its demise; its citizens used the term 'Roman Empire' and called themselves 'Romans'.
The Ottoman Empire, historically also known as the Turkish Empire or Turkey, was a state that spanned much of Southeastern Europe, West Asia, and North Africa from the 14th century to the early 20th century, centred in modern-day Turkey.
It also controlled parts of southeastern Central Europe between the early 16th and early 18th centuries.
The Mongol Empire was the largest contiguous empire in history.
Originating in present-day Mongolia in East Asia, the medieval empire at its height stretched from the Sea of Japan to Eastern Europe, extending northward into Siberia and east and southward into the Indian subcontinent, mounting invasions of Southeast Asia, and conquering the Iranian Plateau; and reaching westward as far as the Levant and the Carpathian Mountains.
The British Empire comprised British dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates, and other territories.
It began with the overseas possessions and trading posts established by England in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, and colonisation attempts by Scotland during the 17th century.
At its height in the 19th and early 20th centuries, it was the largest empire in history and, for a century, was the foremost global power.
By 1913 the British Empire held sway over 412 million people, 23 per cent of the world population at the time, and by 1920 it covered 35.5 million km2 (13.7 million sq mi), 24 per cent of the Earth's total land area.
As a result, its constitutional, legal, linguistic, and cultural legacy is widespread.
It was described as "the empire on which the sun never sets", as the sun was always shining on at least one of its territories.
Colonialism is the practice of extending and maintaining political, social, economic, and cultural domination over a territory and its people by another people in pursuit of interests defined in an often distant metropole, who also claim superiority.
While frequently an imperialist project, colonialism functions through differentiating between the targeted land and people, and that of the colonizers.
Rather than annexation, this typically culminates in organizing the colonized into colonies separate to the colonizers' metropole.
Colonialism sometimes deepens by developing settler colonialism, whereby settlers from one or multiple colonizing metropoles occupy a territory with the intention of partially or completely supplanting the existing Indigenous peoples, possibly amounting to genocide.
A republic, based on the Latin phrase res publica, is a state in which political power rests with the public (people), typically through their representatives—in contrast to a monarchy or a direct democracy.
Although a republic is most often a single sovereign state, subnational state entities that have governments that are republican in nature may be referred to as republics.
Communism is a political and economic ideology whose goal is the creation of a communist society, a socioeconomic classless order centered on common ownership of the means of production, distribution, and exchange that allocates products in society based on need.
A communist society entails the absence of private property and social classes, and ultimately money and the state.
The United Nations (UN) is an international intergovernmental organization established by the signing of the Charter of the United Nations on 26 June 1945 with the articulated mission of maintaining international peace and security, to develop friendly relations among states, to promote international cooperation, and to serve as a centre for harmonizing the actions of states in achieving those goals.
The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of 27 member states that are located primarily in Europe.
A supranational union with a total area of 4,233,255 km2 (1,634,469 sq mi) and an estimated population of just under 452 million as of 2026, its member states generated a nominal gross domestic product (GDP) of around €18.802 trillion in 2025, accounting for approximately one sixth of global economic output.
The EU is often described as a sui generis political entity combining characteristics of both a federation and a confederation.
The World Bank Group (WBG) is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries.
The group is the largest development bank in the world.
It is headquartered in Washington, D.C., United States.
The bank's stated mission is to achieve the twin goals of ending extreme poverty and building shared prosperity.
Historically, within the group, the IBRD and IDA were collectively known as the World Bank due to their emphasis on global lending.
Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most populous continent after Asia.
At about 30.3 million km2 including adjacent islands, it covers around 20% of Earth's land area and 6% of its total surface area.
With nearly 1.4 billion of the world population, Africa's population is the youngest among the continents; the median age in 2012 was 19.7, when the worldwide median age was 30.4.
Based on 2024 projections, Africa's population will exceed 3.8 billion people by 2100.
Africa is the least wealthy inhabited continent per capita and second-least wealthy by total wealth, ahead of Oceania.
Scholars have attributed this to various factors including geography, climate, corruption, colonialism, the Cold War, and neocolonialism.
Despite this low concentration of wealth, the African economy is home to many of the world's fastest-growing economies.
Asia is the largest continent in the world by both land area and population.
It covers an area of more than 44 million square kilometres, about 30% of Earth's total land area and 8% of Earth's total surface area.
The continent, which has long been home to the majority of the human population, was the site of many of the first civilisations.
Its 4.7 billion people constitute roughly 60% of the world's population.
North America is a continent in the Northern and Western hemispheres.
It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea, and to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean.
Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands.
It has a land area of 7,688,287 km2 (2,968,464 sq mi), making it the sixth-largest country in the world, and is the world's flattest and driest inhabited continent.
It is a megadiverse country, and its size gives it a wide variety of landscapes and climates, including deserts in the interior and tropical rainforests along the coast.
Antarctica is Earth's southernmost and least-populated continent.
Situated almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle and surrounded by the Southern Ocean, it contains the geographic South Pole.
Antarctica is the fifth-largest continent, being about 40% larger than Europe, and has an area of 14,200,000 km2 (5,500,000 sq mi).
Most of Antarctica is covered by the Antarctic ice sheet, with an average thickness of 1.9 km (1.2 mi).
The Arctic is the polar region of Earth that surrounds the North Pole, lying north of the Arctic Circle.
The Arctic region, from the IERS Reference Meridian travelling east, consists of parts of northern Norway, northernmost Sweden, northern Finland, Russia, the United States (Alaska), Canada, Danish Realm (Greenland), and northern Iceland, along with the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest and deepest of Earth's five oceanic divisions.
It stretches from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean, or, depending on the definition, to Antarctica in the south, and is bounded by the continents of Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east.
The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest of the world's five oceans, with an area of about 85,133,000 square kilometers (32,870,000 sq mi).
It covers approximately 17% of Earth's surface and about 24% of its water surface area.
During the Age of Discovery, it was known for separating the New World of the Americas from the Old World of Afro-Eurasia.
The Indian Ocean is the third-largest of the world's five oceanic divisions, covering 70,560,000 km2 (27,240,000 sq mi) or approximately 20% of the water area of Earth's surface.
It is bounded by Asia to the north, Africa to the west and Australia to the east.
To the south it is bounded by the Southern Ocean or Antarctica, depending on the definition in use.
The Indian Ocean has large marginal or regional seas, including the Andaman Sea, the Arabian Sea, the Bay of Bengal, and the Laccadive Sea.
The Amazon rainforest, also called the Amazon jungle, Amazonia, or simply the Amazon, is a moist broadleaf tropical rainforest in the Amazon biome that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America.
This basin encompasses 7 million km2 (2.7 million sq mi), of which 6 million km2 (2.3 million sq mi) are covered by the rainforest.
This region includes territory belonging to nine nations and 3,344 indigenous territories.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain on Earth above sea level.
It lies in the Mahalangur Himal sub-range of the Himalayas and marks part of the China–Nepal border at its summit.
Its height was most recently measured in 2020 through a joint survey by Nepalese and Chinese authorities as 8,848.86 m.
The Nile is a major north-flowing river in northeast Africa which empties into the Mediterranean Sea.
At 7,088 kilometers (4,404 mi) long, it is the longest river in the world, although the volume of water it carries is much smaller than other major rivers such as the Amazon or the Congo.
The Nile has played a central role in the environmental, economic, and cultural history of Africa for millennia.
The Amazon River in South America is the largest river by discharge volume of water in the world, and the second-longest or longest river system in the world, a title which is disputed with the Nile.
The Mediterranean Sea is an intercontinental sea situated between Europe, Asia, and Africa.
It is surrounded by the Mediterranean basin and almost completely enclosed by land: on the east by the Levant in West Asia, on the north by Anatolia in West Asia and Southern Europe, and on the south by North Africa.
To its west it is connected to the Atlantic Ocean via the Strait of Gibraltar that separates the Iberian Peninsula in Europe from Morocco in Africa by only 14 km (9 mi); additionally, it is connected to the Black Sea through the Bosporus strait that intersects Turkey in the northeast and the Red Sea via the Suez Canal in the southeast.
Humans are the most abundant and widespread species of primates, characterized by bipedalism, minimal body hair, and large, complex brains enabling the development of advanced technology, culture, and language.
Humans are highly social beings and tend to live in complex social structures composed of many cooperating and competing groups, from families and kinship networks to political states.
Social interactions between humans have established a wide variety of values, social norms, and rituals, which bolster human society.
Curiosity and the human desire to understand and influence the environment have motivated humanity's development of science, philosophy, religion, mythology and other fields of knowledge.
The brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
It consists of nervous tissue and is typically located in the head (cephalization), usually near organs for special senses such as vision, hearing, and olfaction.
Being the most specialized organ, it is responsible for receiving information from the sensory nervous system, processing that information and the coordination of motor control and the endocrine system.
The heart is a muscular organ found in humans and other animals.
This organ pumps blood through the blood vessels.
The heart and blood vessels together make up the circulatory system.
The pumped blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the tissue, while carrying metabolic waste such as carbon dioxide to the lungs.
In humans, the heart is approximately the size of a closed fist and is located between the lungs, in the middle compartment of the chest, called the mediastinum.
The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in many animals, including humans.
In mammals and most other tetrapods, two lungs are located near the backbone on either side of the heart.
Their function in the respiratory system is to extract oxygen from the atmosphere and transfer it into the bloodstream, and to release carbon dioxide from the bloodstream into the atmosphere, in a process of gas exchange.
Respiration is driven by different muscular systems in different species.
Mammals, reptiles and birds use their musculoskeletal systems to support and foster breathing.
In early tetrapods, air was driven into the lungs by the pharyngeal muscles via buccal pumping, a mechanism still seen in amphibians.
In humans, the primary muscle that drives breathing is the diaphragm.
The lungs also provide airflow that makes vocalisation including speech possible.
The liver is a major metabolic organ exclusively found in vertebrates which performs many essential biological functions, such as detoxification of the organism and the synthesis of various proteins and various other biochemicals necessary for digestion and growth.
In humans, it is located in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen, below the diaphragm and mostly shielded by the lower right rib cage.
Its other metabolic roles include carbohydrate metabolism, the production of a number of hormones, conversion and storage of nutrients such as glucose and glycogen, and the decomposition of red blood cells.
Anatomical and medical terminology often use the prefix hepat- from ἡπατο-, from the Greek word for liver, such as hepatology, and hepatitis.
An eye is a sensory organ that allows an organism to perceive visual information.
It detects light and converts it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons (neurones).
It is part of an organism's visual system.
A skeleton is the structural frame that supports the body of most animals.
There are several types of skeletons, including the exoskeleton, which is a rigid outer shell that holds up an organism's shape; the endoskeleton, a rigid internal frame to which the organs and soft tissues attach; and the hydroskeleton, a flexible internal structure supported by the hydrostatic pressure of body fluids.
Muscle is a specialised soft tissue, one of the four basic types of animal tissues.
There are three types of muscle tissues in vertebrates: skeletal muscle tissue, cardiac muscle tissue, and smooth muscle tissue.
Muscle tissue gives skeletal muscles the ability to contract and relax.
Muscle tissue contains special contractile proteins called actin and myosin which interact to cause movement.
Among many other muscle proteins present are two regulatory proteins, troponin and tropomyosin.
Muscle is formed during embryonic development, in a process known as myogenesis.
In biology, the nervous system is the highly complex part of an animal that coordinates its actions and sensory information by transmitting signals to and from different parts of its body.
The nervous system detects environmental changes that impact the body, then works in tandem with the endocrine system to respond to such events.
Nervous tissue first arose in wormlike organisms about 550 to 600 million years ago.
In vertebrates, it consists of two main parts, the central nervous system (CNS) and the peripheral nervous system (PNS).
The CNS consists of the brain and spinal cord.
The PNS consists mainly of nerves, which are enclosed bundles of long fibers, or axons, that connect the CNS to every other part of the body.
Nerves that transmit signals from the brain are called motor nerves (efferent), while those nerves that transmit information from the body to the CNS are called sensory nerves (afferent).
The PNS is divided into two separate subsystems, the somatic and autonomic nervous systems.
The autonomic nervous system is further subdivided into the sympathetic, parasympathetic and enteric nervous systems.
The sympathetic nervous system is activated in cases of emergencies to mobilize energy, while the parasympathetic nervous system is activated when organisms are in a relaxed state.
The enteric nervous system functions to control the gastrointestinal system.
Nerves that exit from the brain are called cranial nerves while those exiting from the spinal cord are called spinal nerves.
The immune system is a network of biological systems that protects an organism from diseases.
It detects and responds to a wide variety of pathogens, such as viruses, bacteria, and parasites, as well as cancer cells and foreign objects, such as wood splinters—distinguishing them from the organism's own healthy tissue.
Many species have two major subsystems of the immune system.
The innate immune system provides a preconfigured response to broad groups of situations and stimuli.
The adaptive immune system provides a tailored response to each stimulus by learning to recognize molecules it has previously encountered.
Both use specialised molecules and cells to perform their functions.
The human digestive system consists of the gastrointestinal tract plus the accessory organs of digestion.
Digestion involves the breakdown of food into smaller and smaller components, until they can be absorbed and assimilated into the body.
The process of digestion has three stages: the cephalic phase, the gastric phase, and the intestinal phase.
The respiratory system is a biological system consisting of specific organs and structures used for gas exchange in animals and plants.
Consciousness is being aware of something internal to one's self, or of states or objects in one's external environment.
It has been the topic of extensive explanations, analyses, and debate among philosophers, scientists, and theologians for millennia.
There is no consensus on what exactly needs to be studied, or whether consciousness can be considered a scientific concept.
In some explanations it is synonymous with mind, while in others it is considered an aspect of it.
Memory is the faculty of the mind by which data or information is encoded, stored, and retrieved when needed.
It is the retention of information over time for the purpose of influencing future action.
If past events could not be remembered, it would be impossible for language, relationships, or personal identity to develop.
Memory loss is usually described as forgetfulness or a disorder such as amnesia.
Learning is the process of acquiring new understanding, knowledge, behavior, skills, values, attitudes, and preferences.
The ability to learn is possessed by humans, other animals, and some machines.
There is also evidence for some kind of learning in certain plants.
Some learning is immediate, induced by a single event, but much skill and knowledge accumulate from repeated experiences.
The changes induced by learning often last a lifetime, and it is hard to distinguish learned material that seems to be "lost" from that which cannot be retrieved.
Perception is the identification, interpretation and organization of sensory information, in order to represent and understand the presented information or environment.
All perception involves signals that go through the nervous system, which in turn result from physical or chemical stimulation of the sensory system.
Vision involves light striking the retina of the eye; smell is mediated by odor molecules; and hearing involves pressure waves.
Emotions are physical and mental states brought on by neurophysiological and neuropsychological changes, variously associated with subjective experiences such as thoughts, feelings, behavioral responses, and a degree of pleasure or displeasure.
There is no scientific consensus on a definition.
Emotions are often intertwined with mood, temperament, personality, disposition, or creativity.
Writing is the act of creating a persistent, usually visual representation of language on a surface.
As a structured system of communication, writing is also known as written language.
Historically, written languages have emerged as a way to record corresponding spoken languages.
A particular set of symbols, called a script, as well as the rules by which they encode a particular spoken language, is known as a writing system.
In some rare cases, writing may be tactile rather than visual.
Communication is commonly defined as the transmission of information.
Its precise definition is disputed and there are disagreements about whether unintentional or failed transmissions are included and whether communication not only transmits meaning but also creates it.
Models of communication are simplified overviews of its main components and their interactions.
Many models include the idea that a source uses a coding system to express information in the form of a message.
The message is sent through a channel to a receiver who has to decode it to understand it.
The main field of inquiry investigating communication is called communication studies.
Education is the transmission of knowledge and skills and the development of character traits.
Formal education happens in a complex institutional framework, like public schools.
Non-formal education is also structured but occurs outside the formal schooling system, while informal education is unstructured learning through daily experiences.
Formal and non-formal education are divided into levels that include early childhood education, primary education, secondary education, and tertiary education.
Other classifications focus on the teaching method, like teacher-centered and student-centered education, and on the subject, like science education, language education, and physical education.
The term "education" can also refer to the mental states and qualities of educated people and the academic field studying educational phenomena.
A school is an educational institution designed to provide learning environments for the teaching of students, usually under the direction of teachers.
Most countries have systems of formal education, which is sometimes compulsory.
In these systems, students progress through a series of schools that can be built and operated by both government and private organizations.
The names for these schools vary by country but generally include primary school for young children and secondary school for teenagers who have completed primary education.
An institution where higher education is taught is commonly called a university college or university.
A university is an institution of tertiary education and research which awards academic degrees in several academic disciplines.
University is derived from the Latin phrase universitas magistrorum et scholarium, which roughly means "community of teachers and scholars".
Universities typically offer both undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Research is creative and systematic work undertaken to increase the stock of knowledge.
It involves the collection, organization, and analysis of evidence to increase understanding of a topic, characterized by a particular attentiveness to controlling sources of bias and error.
These activities are characterized by accounting and controlling for biases.
A research project may be an expansion of past work in the field.
To test the validity of instruments, procedures, or experiments, research may replicate elements of prior projects or the project as a whole.
A patent is a type of intellectual property that gives its owner the legal right to exclude others from making, using, or selling an invention for a limited period of time, in exchange for publishing an enabling disclosure of the invention.
It offers a bargain between society and inventor: for a limited period of exclusivity, the inventor agrees to make the invention public rather than to keep it secret.
In most countries, patent rights fall under private law and the patent holder must sue someone infringing the patent in order to enforce their rights.
A copyright is a type of intellectual property that gives its owner the exclusive legal right to copy, distribute, adapt, display, and perform a creative work, usually for a limited time.
The creative work may be in a literary, artistic, educational, or musical form.
Copyright is intended to protect the original expression of an idea in the form of a creative work, but not the idea itself.
A copyright is subject to limitations based on public interest considerations, such as the fair use doctrine in the United States and fair dealing doctrine in the United Kingdom.
Intellectual property (IP) is a category of property that includes intangible creations of the human intellect.
There are many types of intellectual property, and some countries recognize more than others.
The best-known types are patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets.
The modern concept of intellectual property was developed in England in the 17th and 18th centuries.
The term "intellectual property" began to be used in the 19th century, though it was not until the late 20th century that intellectual property became commonplace in most of the world's legal systems.
Python is a high-level, general-purpose programming language that emphasizes code readability, simplicity, and ease-of-writing with the use of significant indentation, an extensive ("batteries-included") standard library, and garbage collection.
Python supports multiple programming paradigms but with an emphasis on object-oriented programming and dynamic typing.
Java is a high-level, general-purpose, memory-safe, object-oriented programming language.
It is intended to let programmers write once, run anywhere (WORA), meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need to recompile.
Java applications are usually compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of the underlying computer architecture.
The syntax of Java is similar to C and C++, but has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.
The Java runtime provides dynamic abilities usually unavailable in traditional compiled languages.
Linux is a family of free and open-source software Unix-like operating systems based on the Linux kernel, which was first released on 17 September 1991 by Linus Torvalds.
Some members of the family are typically packaged as a distribution, which includes the kernel alongside supporting system software and libraries developed by third parties—such as GNU, Red Hat, and X.Org—to create a complete operating system; however, not all Linux-based operating systems are considered distros, with Android being an example.
Linux was originally designed as a clone of Unix and is distributed under the copyleft GPL license.
Unix is a family of multitasking, multi-user computer operating systems that derive from the original AT&T Unix, the development of which started in 1969 at the Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, and others.
Initially intended for use inside the Bell System, AT&T licensed Unix to outside parties in the late 1970s, leading to a variety of both academic and commercial Unix variants from vendors including University of California, Berkeley (BSD), Microsoft (Xenix), Sun Microsystems (SunOS/Solaris), HP/HPE (HP-UX), and IBM (AIX).
Windows is a proprietary operating system developed by Microsoft.
Windows is grouped into families that cater to particular sectors of the computing industry – Windows for personal computers, Windows Server for servers, and Windows IoT for embedded systems.
Windows itself is further grouped into editions that cater to different users – Home for home users, Professional for advanced users, Education for schools, and Enterprise for corporations.
Windows is sold both as a consumer retail product and to computer manufacturers, who bundle and distribute it with their systems.
A smartphone is a mobile device that combines the functionality of a traditional mobile phone with advanced computing capabilities.
It typically has a touchscreen interface, allowing users to access a wide range of applications and services, such as web browsing, email, and social media, as well as multimedia playback and streaming.
Smartphones have built-in cameras, GPS navigation, and support for various communication methods, including voice calls, text messaging, and internet-based messaging apps.
Smartphones are distinguished from older-design feature phones by their more advanced hardware capabilities and extensive mobile operating systems, access to the internet, business applications, mobile payments, and multimedia functionality, including music, video, gaming, radio, and television.
A computer is a machine that can be programmed to automatically carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations (computation).
Modern digital electronic computers can perform generic sets of operations known as programs, which enable computers to perform a wide range of tasks.
The term computer system may refer to a nominally complete computer that includes the hardware, operating system, software, and peripheral equipment needed and used for full operation, or to a group of computers that are linked and function together, such as a computer network or computer cluster.
A transistor is a semiconductor device used to amplify or switch electrical signals and power.
It is one of the basic building blocks of modern electronics.
It is composed of semiconductor material, usually with at least three terminals for connection to an electronic circuit.
A voltage or current applied to one pair of the transistor's terminals controls the current through another pair of terminals.
Because the controlled (output) power can be higher than the controlling (input) power, a transistor can amplify a signal.
Some transistors are packaged individually, but many more in miniature form are found embedded in integrated circuits.
Because transistors are the key active components in practically all modern electronics, they are considered one of the 20th century's greatest inventions.
A semiconductor is a material with electrical conductivity between that of a conductor and an insulator.
Its conductivity can be modified by adding impurities ("doping") to its crystal structure.
When two regions with different doping levels are present in the same crystal, they form a semiconductor junction.
The term "semiconductors" is sometimes used to refer to semiconductor devices such as microchips and computer processors, which work using the physical properties of semiconductors.
Silicon is a chemical element; it has symbol Si and atomic number 14.
It is a hard, brittle crystalline solid with a blue-grey metallic lustre, and is a tetravalent non-metal and semiconductor.
It is a member of group 14 in the periodic table: carbon is above it; and germanium, tin, lead, and flerovium are below it.
It is relatively unreactive.
Silicon is a significant element that is essential for several physiological and metabolic processes in plants.
Silicon is widely used as a semiconductor material in various electrical devices such as transistors, solar cells, and integrated circuits.
It dominates semiconductor applications due to its low cost, excellent electronic properties, and adaptable physical characteristics.
An embedded system is a specialized computer system—a combination of a computer processor, computer memory, and input/output peripheral devices—that has a dedicated function within a larger mechanical or electronic system.
It is embedded as part of a complete device, often including electrical or electronic hardware and mechanical parts.
Radio is the technology of communicating using radio waves.
Radio waves are electromagnetic waves of frequency between 3 hertz (Hz) and 300 gigahertz (GHz).
They are generated by an electronic device called a transmitter connected to an antenna which radiates the waves.
They can be received by other antennas connected to a radio receiver; this is the fundamental principle of radio communication.
In addition to communication, radio is used for radar, radio navigation, remote control, remote sensing, and other applications.
Television (TV) is a telecommunication medium for transmitting moving images and sound.
Additionally, the term can refer to a physical television set rather than the medium of transmission.
Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment, news, and sports.
The medium is capable of more than "radio broadcasting", which refers to an audio signal sent to radio receivers.
A telephone, commonly shortened to phone, is a telecommunications device that enables two or more users to conduct a conversation when they are too far apart to be easily heard directly.
A telephone converts sound, typically and most efficiently the human voice, into electronic signals that are transmitted via cables and other communication channels to another telephone which reproduces the sound to the receiving user.
The term is derived from Ancient Greek: τῆλε, romanized: tēle, lit. 'far' and φωνή, together meaning distant voice.
Telegraphy is the long-distance transmission of messages where the sender uses symbolic codes, known to the recipient, rather than a physical exchange of an object bearing the message.
Thus flag semaphore is a method of telegraphy, whereas pigeon post is not.
Ancient signalling systems, although sometimes quite extensive and sophisticated as in China, were generally not capable of transmitting arbitrary text messages.
Possible messages were fixed and predetermined, so such systems are thus not true telegraphs.
A printing press is a machine that transfers ink onto materials such as paper or cloth by applying pressure to an inked surface.
It marked a major advance on earlier methods, in which ink was applied to the printing surface and the paper was rubbed by hand to transfer it.
The invention and global spread of the printing press transformed book production and communication during the early modern period.
A wheel is a rotating component intended to turn on an axle bearing.
The wheel is one of the key components of the wheel and axle, which is one of the six simple machines.
Wheels, in conjunction with axles, allow heavy objects to be moved easily, facilitating transportation, supporting loads, and performing work in machines.
Wheels are also used for other purposes, such as a ship's wheel, steering wheel, potter's wheel, and flywheel.
A steam engine is a heat engine that performs mechanical work using steam as its working fluid.
The steam engine uses the force produced by steam pressure to push a piston back and forth inside a cylinder.
This pushing force can be transformed by a connecting rod and crank into rotational force for work.
The term "steam engine" is normally applied to reciprocating engines, although some authorities have also referred to the steam turbine and devices such as Hero's aeolipile as "steam engines".
The essential feature of steam engines is that they are external combustion engines, where the working fluid is separated from the combustion products.
The ideal thermodynamic cycle used to analyze this process is called the Rankine cycle.
In general usage, the term "steam engine" can refer to either complete steam plants, such as railway steam locomotives and portable engines, or may refer to the piston or turbine machinery alone, as in the beam engine and stationary steam engine.
An internal combustion engine is a heat engine in which the combustion of a fuel occurs with an oxidizer in a combustion chamber that is an integral part of the working fluid flow circuit.
In an internal combustion engine, the expansion of the high-temperature and high-pressure gases produced by combustion applies direct force to components of the engine.
The force is typically applied to pistons, turbine blades, a rotor, or a nozzle.
This force moves the component over a distance.
This process transforms chemical energy into kinetic energy which is used to propel, move or power whatever the engine is attached to.
An electric motor is a machine that converts electrical energy into mechanical energy.
Most electric motors operate through the interaction between the motor's magnetic field and electric current in a wire winding to generate Lorentz force in the form of torque applied on the motor's shaft.
An electric generator is mechanically identical to an electric motor but operates inversely, converting mechanical energy into electrical energy.
A solar cell, also known as a photovoltaic cell, is an electronic device that converts the energy of light directly into electricity by using the photovoltaic effect.
It is a type of photoelectric cell, a device whose electrical characteristics vary when it is exposed to light.
Individual solar cell devices are often the electrical building blocks of photovoltaic modules, known colloquially as "solar panels".
Almost all commercial PV cells consist of crystalline silicon, with a market share of 95%.
Cadmium telluride thin-film solar cells account for the remainder.
The common single-junction silicon solar cell can produce a maximum open-circuit voltage of approximately 0.5 to 0.6 volts.
A laser is a device that emits light through a process of optical amplification based on the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation.
The word laser originated as an acronym for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
The first laser was built in 1960 by Theodore Maiman at Hughes Research Laboratories, based on theoretical work by Charles H.
Townes and Arthur Leonard Schawlow and the optical amplifier patented by Gordon Gould.
A microscope is a laboratory instrument used to examine objects that are too small to be seen by the naked eye.
Microscopy is the science of investigating small objects and structures using a microscope.
Microscopic means being invisible to the eye unless aided by a microscope.
A telescope is a device used to observe distant objects by their emission, absorption, or reflection of electromagnetic radiation.
Originally, it was an optical instrument using lenses, curved mirrors, or a combination of both to observe distant objects – an optical telescope.
Nowadays, the word "telescope" is defined as a wide range of instruments capable of detecting different regions of the electromagnetic spectrum, and in some cases other types of detectors.
Tomography is imaging by sections or sectioning that uses any kind of penetrating wave.
The method is used in radiology, archaeology, biology, atmospheric science, geophysics, oceanography, plasma physics, materials science, cosmochemistry, astrophysics, quantum information, and other areas of science.
A vaccine is a biological preparation that provides active acquired immunity to a particular infectious or malignant disease.
The safety and effectiveness of vaccines has been widely studied and verified.
A vaccine typically contains an agent that resembles a disease-causing microorganism and is often made from weakened or killed forms of the microbe, its toxins, or one of its surface proteins.
The agent stimulates the immune system to recognize the agent as a threat, destroy it, and recognize further and destroy any of the microorganisms associated with that agent that it may encounter in the future.
An antibiotic is a type of antimicrobial substance which is active against bacteria.
It is the most important type of antibacterial agent for fighting bacterial infections, and antibiotic medications are widely used in the treatment and prevention of such infections.
They may either kill or inhibit the growth of bacteria.
A limited number of antibiotics also possess antiprotozoal activity, but antibiotics are not effective against viruses or fungi.
Insulin is a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreatic islets encoded in humans by the insulin (INS) gene.
It is the main anabolic hormone of the body.
It regulates the metabolism of carbohydrates, fats, and protein by promoting the absorption of glucose from the blood into cells of the liver, fat, and skeletal muscles.
In these tissues the absorbed glucose is converted into either glycogen, via glycogenesis, or fats (triglycerides), via lipogenesis; in the liver, glucose is converted into both.
Glucose production and secretion by the liver are strongly inhibited by high concentrations of insulin in the blood.
Circulating insulin also affects the synthesis of proteins in a wide variety of tissues.
It is thus an anabolic hormone, promoting the conversion of small molecules in the blood into large molecules in the cells.
Low insulin in the blood has the opposite effect, promoting widespread catabolism, especially of reserve body fat.
Anesthesia or anaesthesia is a state of controlled, temporary loss of sensation or awareness that is induced for medical or veterinary purposes.
It may include some or all of analgesia, paralysis, amnesia, and unconsciousness.
An individual under the effects of anesthetic drugs is referred to as being anesthetized.
Surgery is a medical specialty that uses manual and instrumental techniques to diagnose or treat pathological conditions, to alter bodily functions, to reconstruct or alter aesthetics and appearance, or to remove unwanted tissues, neoplasms and foreign bodies.
Cancer is a group of diseases involving uncontrolled cell growth typically resulting in tumors with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
These malignant tumors contrast with benign tumors, which do not spread.
Over 100 types of cancers affect humans.
Diabetes mellitus, commonly known as diabetes or diabetus, is a group of common endocrine diseases characterized by sustained high blood sugar levels.
Diabetes tends to progress in severity, and is due to either a reduced production of the hormone insulin by the pancreas or unresponsiveness of bodily cells to insulin's effects.
Classic symptoms include the three Ps: polydipsia, polyuria, and polyphagia, together with weight loss and blurred vision.
If left untreated, the disease can lead to many health complications, including disorders of the cardiovascular system, eye, kidney, and nerves.
Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a neurodegenerative disease and is the most common cause of dementia, accounting for around 60–70% of cases.
The most common early symptom is difficulty in remembering recent events.
As the disease advances, symptoms can include problems with language, disorientation, mood swings, loss of motivation, self-neglect, and behavioral issues.
As a person's condition declines, they often withdraw from family and society.
Gradually, bodily functions are lost, ultimately leading to death.
The median life expectancy following diagnosis of dementia is three to twelve years.
Co-occurring movement disorder, also known as extrapyramidal signs, multiplies risk of death by 1.6.
Malaria is a mosquito-borne infectious disease that is transmitted by the bite of Anopheles mosquitoes.
The symptoms of human malaria typically include fever, fatigue, vomiting, and headaches.
In severe cases, the disease can cause jaundice, seizures, coma, or death.
Symptoms usually begin 10 to 15 days after being bitten by an infected Anopheles mosquito.
If not properly treated, people may have recurrences of the disease months later.
Those who survive an infection develop partial immunity, being susceptible to reinfection although with milder symptoms.
This partial resistance disappears over months to years if the person has no continuing exposure to malaria.
Tuberculosis, also known colloquially as the "white death", or historically as consumption, is a contagious disease usually caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) bacteria.
Tuberculosis initially infects the lungs, but it can also spread to other parts of the body.
Most infections show no symptoms, in which case tuberculosis is considered to be inactive or latent.
A small proportion of latent infections progress to active disease that, if left untreated, can be fatal.
Typical symptoms of active TB are chronic cough with blood-containing mucus, fever, night sweats, and weight loss.
Infection of other organs can cause a wide range of symptoms.
Influenza, commonly known as the flu, is an infectious disease caused by influenza viruses.
Symptoms range from mild to severe and often include fever, runny nose, sore throat, muscle pain, headache, coughing, and fatigue.
These symptoms begin one to four days after exposure to the virus and last for about two to eight days.
Diarrhea and vomiting can occur, particularly in children.
Influenza may progress to pneumonia from the virus or a subsequent bacterial infection.
Other complications include acute respiratory distress syndrome, meningitis, encephalitis, and worsening of pre-existing health problems such as asthma and cardiovascular disease.
A virus is a submicroscopic infectious agent that replicates only inside the living cells of an organism.
Viruses infect all life forms, from animals and plants to microorganisms, including bacteria and archaea.
Viruses are found in almost every ecosystem on Earth and are the most numerous type of biological entity.
Since the first discovery of a virus, the tobacco mosaic virus, in the 1890s, more than 16,000 of the millions of virus species have been described in detail.
The study of viruses is known as virology, a subspeciality of microbiology.
Bacteria are ubiquitous, mostly free-living organisms often consisting of one biological cell.
They constitute a large domain of prokaryotic microorganisms.
Typically a few micrometres in length, bacteria were among the first life forms to appear on Earth, and are present in most of its habitats.
Bacteria inhabit the air, soil, water, acidic hot springs, radioactive waste, and the deep biosphere of Earth's crust.
Bacteria play a vital role in many stages of the nutrient cycle by recycling nutrients and the fixation of nitrogen from the atmosphere.
The nutrient cycle includes the decomposition of dead bodies; bacteria are responsible for the putrefaction stage in this process.
In the biological communities surrounding hydrothermal vents and cold seeps, extremophile bacteria provide the nutrients needed to sustain life by converting dissolved compounds, such as hydrogen sulphide and methane, to energy.
Bacteria also live in mutualistic, commensal and parasitic relationships with plants and animals.
Most bacteria have not been characterised and there are many species that cannot be grown in the laboratory.
The study of bacteria is known as bacteriology, a branch of microbiology.
A fungus is any member of the group of eukaryotic organisms that includes yeasts, molds, and mushrooms.
These organisms are classified in the biological kingdom Fungi.
An infection is the invasion of tissues by pathogens, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agent and the toxins they produce.
An infectious disease is an illness resulting from an infection, and some infectious diseases are also communicable (transmissible).
Nutrition is the biochemical and physiological process by which an organism uses food and water to support its life.
The intake of these substances provides organisms with nutrients which can be metabolized to create energy and chemical structures; too much or too little of an essential nutrient can cause malnutrition.
Nutritional science, the study of nutrition as a hard science, typically emphasizes human nutrition.
Vitamins are organic molecules that are essential to an organism in small quantities for proper metabolic function.
These essential nutrients cannot be synthesized in the organism in sufficient quantities for survival, and therefore must be obtained through consumption.
For example, vitamin C can be synthesized by some species but not by others; it is not considered a vitamin in the first instance but is in the second.
Most vitamins are not single molecules, but groups of related molecules called vitamers.
For example, there are eight vitamers of vitamin E: four tocopherols and four tocotrienols.
In geology and mineralogy, a mineral or mineral species is, broadly speaking, a solid substance with a fairly well-defined chemical composition and a specific crystal structure that occurs naturally in pure form.
Proteins are large biomolecules and macromolecules that comprise one or more long chains of amino acid residues.
Proteins perform a vast array of functions within organisms, including catalysing metabolic reactions, DNA replication, responding to stimuli, providing structure to cells and organisms, and transporting molecules from one location to another.
Proteins differ from one another primarily in their sequence of amino acids, which is dictated by the nucleotide sequence of their genes, and which usually results in protein folding into a specific 3D structure that determines its activity.
A carbohydrate is a sugar (saccharide) or a sugar derivative.
For the simplest carbohydrates, the carbon-to-hydrogen-to-oxygen atomic ratio is 1:2:1, i.e.
they are often represented by the empirical formula (CH2O)n.
Together with amino acids, fats, and nucleic acids, the carbohydrates are one of the major families of biomolecules.
In nutrition, biology, and chemistry, fat usually means any ester of fatty acids, or a mixture of such compounds, most commonly those that occur in living beings or in food.
Metabolism refers to the set of life-sustaining chemical reactions that occur within living organisms.
The three main functions of metabolism are the conversion of energy in food into a usable form for cellular processes; the conversion of food to building blocks of macromolecules (biopolymers) such as proteins, lipids, nucleic acids, and some carbohydrates; and the excretion of metabolic wastes.
These enzyme-catalyzed reactions allow organisms to grow, reproduce, maintain their structures, and respond to their environments.
The word metabolism can also refer to all chemical reactions that occur in living organisms, including digestion and the transportation of substances into and between different cells.
In a broader sense, the set of reactions occurring within the cells is called intermediary metabolism.
A hormone is a class of signaling molecules in multicellular organisms that are sent to distant organs or tissues by complex biological processes to regulate physiology and behavior.
Hormones are required for the normal development of animals, plants and fungi.
Photosynthesis is a system of biological processes by which photopigment-bearing autotrophic organisms, such as most plants, algae and cyanobacteria, convert light energy—typically from sunlight—into the chemical energy necessary to fuel their metabolism.
The term photosynthesis usually refers to oxygenic photosynthesis, a process that releases oxygen as a byproduct of water splitting.
Photosynthetic organisms store the converted chemical energy within the bonds of intracellular organic compounds, typically carbohydrates like sugars, starches, phytoglycogen and cellulose.
When needing to use this stored energy, an organism's cells then metabolize the organic compounds through cellular respiration.
Photosynthesis plays a critical role in producing and maintaining the oxygen content of the Earth's atmosphere, and it supplies most of the biological energy necessary for complex life on Earth.
In biology, the word gene has two meanings.
The Mendelian gene is a basic unit of heredity.
The molecular gene is a sequence of nucleotides in DNA that is transcribed to produce RNA.
There are two types of molecular genes: protein-coding genes and non-coding genes.
During gene expression, DNA is first copied into RNA.
RNA can be directly functional or be the intermediate template for the synthesis of a protein.
In the fields of molecular biology and genetics, a genome is all the genetic information of an organism.
It consists of nucleotide sequences of DNA.
The nuclear genome includes protein-coding genes and non-coding genes, other functional regions of the genome such as regulatory sequences, and often a substantial fraction of junk DNA with no evident function.
Almost all eukaryotes have mitochondria and a small mitochondrial genome.
Algae and plants also contain chloroplasts with a chloroplast genome.
In biology, a mutation is an alteration in the nucleic acid sequence of the genome of an organism, virus, or extrachromosomal DNA.
Mutations result from errors during replication, mitosis, meiosis, or damage to DNA, which then may trigger error-prone repair or cause an error during replication.
Mutations may also result from substitution, insertion or deletion of segments of DNA due to mobile genetic elements.
Speciation is the evolutionary process by which populations evolve to become distinct species.
The biologist Orator F.
Cook coined the term in 1906 for cladogenesis, the splitting of lineages, as opposed to anagenesis, phyletic evolution within lineages.
Charles Darwin was the first to describe the role of natural selection in speciation in his 1859 book On the Origin of Species.
He also identified sexual selection as a likely mechanism, but found it problematic.
Extinction is the termination of a species via the death of its last member.
A taxon may become functionally extinct before the death of its last member if it loses the capacity to reproduce and recover.
As a species' potential range may be very large, determining this moment is difficult, and is usually done retrospectively.
This difficulty leads to phenomena such as Lazarus taxa, where a species presumed extinct abruptly "reappears" after a period of apparent absence.
Biodiversity is the variability of life on Earth.
It can be measured on various levels, for example, genetic variability, species diversity, ecosystem diversity, and phylogenetic diversity.
Diversity is not distributed evenly on Earth — it is greater in the tropics as a result of the warm climate and high primary productivity in the region near the equator.
Tropical forest ecosystems cover less than one-fifth of Earth's terrestrial area and contain about 50% of the world's species.
There are latitudinal gradients in species diversity for both marine and terrestrial taxa.
A food chain is a linear network of links in a food web, often beginning with an autotroph, also called a producer, and typically ending at an apex predator, detritivore, or decomposer.
A food web is distinct from a food chain.
A food chain illustrates the associations between organisms according to the energy sources they consume in trophic levels, and the most common way to quantify them is in length: the number of links between a trophic consumer and the base of the chain.
Parasitism is a close relationship between species, where one organism, the parasite, lives on or inside another organism, the host, causing it some harm, and is adapted structurally to this way of life.
Parasites include single-celled protozoans such as the agents of malaria, sleeping sickness, and amoebic dysentery; animals such as hookworms, lice, mosquitoes, and vampire bats; fungi such as honey fungus and the agents of ringworm; and plants such as mistletoe, dodder, and the broomrapes.
Plants are the eukaryotic organisms that constitute the kingdom Plantae.
They are predominantly photosynthetic or came from photosynthetic ancestors, meaning that they obtain their energy from sunlight by using the green pigment chlorophyll in their chloroplasts to produce sugars from carbon dioxide and water.
Over the course of time, some plants have evolved to be parasitic, meaning they take energy from other organisms.
Except for glaucophytes, some green algae and a few red algae, most plants are multicellular.
Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms belonging to the biological kingdom Animalia.
Animals consume organic material, breathe oxygen, have muscle cells, can reproduce sexually, and grow from a hollow sphere of cells, the blastula, during embryonic development.
With few exceptions, animals are able to move.
Animals form a clade, meaning that they arose from a single common ancestor.
Over 1.5 million living animal species have been described, of which around 1.05 million are insects, over 85,000 are molluscs, and around 65,000 are vertebrates.
It has been estimated there are as many as 7.77 million animal species on Earth.
Animal body lengths range from 8.5 μm (0.00033 in) to 33.6 m (110 ft).
They have complex ecologies and interactions with each other and their environments, forming intricate food webs.
The scientific study of animals is known as zoology, and the study of animal behaviour is known as ethology.
Bacteria are ubiquitous, mostly free-living organisms often consisting of one biological cell.
They constitute a large domain of prokaryotic microorganisms.
Typically a few micrometres in length, bacteria were among the first life forms to appear on Earth, and are present in most of its habitats.
Bacteria inhabit the air, soil, water, acidic hot springs, radioactive waste, and the deep biosphere of Earth's crust.
Bacteria play a vital role in many stages of the nutrient cycle by recycling nutrients and the fixation of nitrogen from the atmosphere.
The nutrient cycle includes the decomposition of dead bodies; bacteria are responsible for the putrefaction stage in this process.
In the biological communities surrounding hydrothermal vents and cold seeps, extremophile bacteria provide the nutrients needed to sustain life by converting dissolved compounds, such as hydrogen sulphide and methane, to energy.
Bacteria also live in mutualistic, commensal and parasitic relationships with plants and animals.
Most bacteria have not been characterised and there are many species that cannot be grown in the laboratory.
The study of bacteria is known as bacteriology, a branch of microbiology.
Insects are invertebrates of the class Insecta.
They are the largest group within the arthropod phylum.
Insects have an exoskeleton, a three-part body, three pairs of jointed legs, compound eyes, and a pair of antennae.
Insects are the most diverse group of animals, with more than a million described species; they represent more than half of all animal species.
A fish is an aquatic, anamniotic, gill-bearing vertebrate animal with a tough cranium to protect the brain, but lacking limbs with digits.
Fish can be grouped into the more basal jawless fish and the more common jawed fish, the latter including all living cartilaginous and bony fish, as well as the extinct placoderms and acanthodians.
In a break from the long tradition of grouping all fish into a single class (Pisces), modern phylogenetics views fish as a paraphyletic group that includes all vertebrates except tetrapods.
In English, the plural of "fish" is fish when referring to individuals and fishes when referring to species.
Birds are a group of warm-blooded vertebrate animals constituting the class Aves, characterised by feathers, toothless beaked jaws, the laying of hard-shelled eggs, a high metabolic rate, a four-chambered heart, and a strong yet lightweight skeleton that retains dinosaur-like characteristics.
Birds live worldwide and range in size from the 5.5 cm (2.2 in) bee hummingbird to the 2.8 m common ostrich.
There are over 11,000 living species and they are split into 44 orders.
More than half of the world's bird species are passerine or "perching" birds.
Nearly all birds have wings whose development varies according to the life style of each species.
Wings, which are modified forelimbs, gave birds the ability to fly, although further evolution has led to the loss of flight in some birds, including ratites, penguins, and diverse endemic island species.
The only known groups without wings are the extinct moa and elephant birds.
Birds are the only extant members of Dinosauria, and are a type of paravian theropods.
The digestive and respiratory systems of birds are also uniquely adapted for flight.
Some bird species of aquatic environments, particularly seabirds and some waterbirds, have further evolved for swimming.
The study of birds is called ornithology.
A mammal is a vertebrate animal of the class Mammalia.
Mammals are characterized by the presence of milk-producing mammary glands for feeding their young, a broad neocortex region of the brain, fur or hair, and three middle ear bones.
These characteristics distinguish them from reptiles and birds, from which their ancestors diverged in the Carboniferous period over 300 million years ago.
Around 6,640 extant species of mammals have been described and divided into 27 orders.
The study of mammals is called mammalogy.
Amphibians are ectothermic, anamniotic, four-limbed vertebrate animals that constitute the class Amphibia.
In its broadest sense, it is a paraphyletic group encompassing all tetrapods, but excluding the amniotes.
All extant (living) amphibians belong to the monophyletic subclass Lissamphibia, with three living orders: Anura, Urodela (salamanders), and Gymnophiona (caecilians).
Evolved to be mostly semiaquatic, amphibians have adapted to inhabit a wide variety of habitats, with most species living in freshwater, wetland or terrestrial ecosystems.
Their life cycle typically starts out as aquatic larvae with gills known as tadpoles, but some species have developed behavioural adaptations to bypass this.
Dinosaurs are a diverse group of warmblooded reptiles of the clade Dinosauria.
They existed through most of the Mesozoic era, first appearing early in the Triassic period.
They became the dominant terrestrial vertebrates after the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event 201.3 mya and their dominance continued throughout the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.
The fossil record shows that birds are feathered dinosaurs, having evolved from earlier theropods during the Late Jurassic epoch, and are the only dinosaur lineage known to have survived the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event approximately 66 mya.
Dinosaurs can therefore be divided into avian dinosaurs—birds—and the extinct non-avian dinosaurs, which are all dinosaurs other than birds.
Evolutionary biology is a subfield of biology that analyzes the four mechanisms of evolution: natural selection, mutation, genetic drift, and gene flow.
Natural selection was independently discovered as the engine of evolution by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace, based on patterns in the geographic distribution of species.
Gregor Mendel discovered the laws of heredity.
Fisher unified Darwin and Mendel in the modern synthesis.
The Solar System is the gravitationally bound system of the Sun and the masses that orbit it, most prominently its eight planets, of which Earth is one.
The Solar System is an isolated single-star planetary system within the Milky Way Galaxy.
The system formed about 4.6 billion years ago when a dense region of a molecular cloud collapsed, creating the Sun and a protoplanetary disc from which the orbiting bodies assembled.
Mercury is the first planet from the Sun and the smallest in the Solar System.
It is a rocky planet with a trace atmosphere and a surface gravity slightly higher than that of Mars.
The surface of Mercury is similar to Earth's Moon, being cratered, with an expansive rupes system generated from thrust faults, and bright ray systems, formed by ejecta.
Its largest crater, Caloris Planitia, has a diameter of 1,550 km (960 mi), which is about one-third the diameter of the planet.
Being the most inferior orbiting planet, it always appears close to the Sun in Earth's sky, as either a "morning star" or an "evening star".
It is the planet with the highest delta-v required for travel from Earth, as well as to and from the other planets in the Solar System.
Venus is the second planet from the Sun.
Similar in size and mass to Earth, Venus has no liquid water, and its atmosphere is far thicker and denser than that of any other rocky body in the Solar System.
The atmosphere is composed mostly of carbon dioxide and has a thick cloud layer of sulfuric acid that spans the whole planet.
At the mean surface level, the atmosphere reaches a temperature of 737 K, making it the hottest planet in the solar system and also a pressure 92 times greater than Earth's at sea level, turning the lowest layer of the atmosphere into a supercritical fluid.
From Earth, Venus is visible as a star-like point of light, appearing brighter than any other natural point of light in the sky, as either the brightest "morning star" or "evening star".
It was also given the poetic name Ēarendel in Old English, meaning "ray of light" along with the two previous epithets.
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun.
It is also known as the "Red Planet", for its orange-red appearance.
Mars is a desert-like rocky planet with a tenuous atmosphere that is primarily carbon dioxide.
At the average surface level the atmospheric pressure is a few thousandths of Earth's, atmospheric temperature ranges from −153 to 20 °C, and cosmic radiation is high.
Mars retains some water, in the ground as well as thinly in the atmosphere, forming cirrus clouds, fog, frost, larger polar regions of permafrost and ice caps, but no bodies of liquid surface water.
Its surface gravity is roughly a third of Earth's or double that of the Moon.
Its mean diameter, 6,779 km (4,212 mi), is about half the Earth's, or twice the Moon's, and its surface area is the size of all the dry land of Earth.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun, and the largest in the Solar System.
It is a gas giant with a mass nearly 2.5 times that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined and slightly less than one-thousandth the mass of the Sun.
The diameter of Jupiter is 11 times that of Earth and a tenth that of the Sun.
It orbits the Sun at a distance of 5.20 AU (778.5 Gm), with an orbital period of 11.86 years.
Jupiter is the third-brightest natural object in the Earth's night sky, after the Moon and Venus, and has been observed since prehistoric times.
Its name derives from that of Jupiter, the chief deity of ancient Roman religion.
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and the second largest in the Solar System, after Jupiter.
It is a gas giant, with an average radius of about 9 times that of Earth.
It has an eighth of the average density of Earth, but is over 95 times more massive.
Even though Saturn is almost as big as Jupiter, it has less than a third of its mass.
Saturn orbits the Sun at a distance of 9.59 AU (1,434 million km), with an orbital period of 29.45 years.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun.
It is a gaseous cyan-coloured ice giant.
Most of the planet is made of water, ammonia, and methane in a supercritical phase of matter, which astronomy calls "ice" or volatiles.
The planet's atmosphere has a complex layered cloud structure and has the lowest minimum temperature of all the Solar System's planets.
It has a marked axial tilt of 82.23° with a retrograde rotation period of 17 hours and 14 minutes.
This means that in an 84-Earth-year orbital period around the Sun, its poles get around 42 years of continuous sunlight, followed by 42 years of continuous darkness.
Neptune is the eighth and farthest known planet orbiting the Sun.
It is the fourth-largest planet in the Solar System by diameter, the third-most-massive planet, and the densest giant planet.
It is 17 times the mass of Earth.
Compared to Uranus, its neighbouring ice giant, Neptune is slightly smaller, but more massive and dense.
Being composed primarily of gases and liquids, it has no well-defined solid surface.
Neptune orbits the Sun once every 164.8 years at an orbital distance of 30.1 astronomical units.
It is named after the Roman god of the sea and has the astronomical symbol , representing Neptune's trident.
Pluto is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt, a ring of bodies beyond the orbit of Neptune.
It is the ninth-largest and tenth-most-massive known object to directly orbit the Sun.
It is the largest known trans-Neptunian object by volume by a small margin, but is less massive than Eris.
Like other Kuiper belt objects, Pluto is made primarily of ice and rock and is much smaller than the inner planets.
Pluto has roughly one-sixth the mass of the Moon and one-third of its volume.
Originally considered a planet, its status was changed when astronomers adopted a new definition of the word with new criteria.
An asteroid is a minor planet—an object larger than a meteoroid that is neither a planet nor an identified comet—that orbits within the inner Solar System or is co-orbital with Jupiter.
Asteroids are rocky, metallic, or icy bodies with no atmosphere, and are broadly classified into C-type (carbonaceous), M-type (metallic), or S-type (silicaceous).
The size and shape of asteroids vary significantly, ranging from small rubble piles under a kilometer across to Ceres, a dwarf planet almost 1000 km in diameter.
A body is classified as a comet, not an asteroid, if it shows a coma (tail) when warmed by solar radiation, although recent observations suggest a continuum between these types of bodies.
A comet is an icy, small Solar System body or interstellar object that warms and begins to release gases when passing close to the Sun, a process called outgassing.
This produces an extended, gravitationally unbound atmosphere or coma surrounding the nucleus, and sometimes a tail of gas and dust gas blown out from the coma.
These phenomena are due to the effects of solar radiation and the outstreaming solar wind plasma acting upon the nucleus of the comet.
Comet nuclei range from a few hundred meters to tens of kilometers across and are composed of loose collections of ice, dust, and small rocky particles.
The coma may be up to 15 times Earth's diameter, while the tail may stretch beyond one astronomical unit.
If sufficiently close and bright, a comet may be seen from Earth without the aid of a telescope and can subtend an arc of up to 30° across the sky.
Comets have been observed and recorded since ancient times by many cultures and religions.
A meteorite is a rock that originated in outer space and has fallen to the surface of a planet or moon.
When the original object enters the atmosphere, various factors such as friction, pressure, and chemical interactions with the atmospheric gases cause it to heat up and radiate energy.
It then becomes a meteor and forms a fireball, also known as a shooting star; astronomers call the brightest examples "bolides".
Once it settles on the larger body's surface, the meteor becomes a meteorite.
Meteorites vary greatly in size.
For geologists, a bolide is a meteorite large enough to create an impact crater.
A galaxy is a physical system of stars, planetary systems, stellar remnants, substellar objects, interstellar gas, dust, and dark matter bound together by gravity.
The word is derived from the Greek galaxias (γαλαξίας), meaning 'milky', a reference to the Milky Way galaxy that contains the Solar System.
Galaxies, averaging an estimated 100 million stars, range in size from dwarfs with less than a thousand stars to the largest galaxies known—supergiants with one hundred trillion stars, each orbiting its galaxy's center of mass.
Most of the mass in a typical galaxy is in the form of dark matter, with only a few percent of that mass visible in the form of stars and nebulae.
Supermassive black holes are a common feature at the centers of galaxies.
The Milky Way or Milky Way Galaxy, or simply the Galaxy, is the galaxy that includes the Solar System, with the name describing the galaxy's appearance from Earth: a hazy band of light seen in the night sky formed from stars in other arms of the galaxy, which are so far away that they cannot be individually distinguished by the naked eye.
The Andromeda Galaxy is a barred spiral galaxy and is the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way.
It was originally named the Andromeda Nebula and is cataloged as Messier 31, M31, and NGC 224.
Andromeda has a D25 isophotal diameter of about 46.56 kiloparsecs (152,000 light-years) and is approximately 765 kpc (2.5 million light-years) from Earth.
The galaxy's name stems from the area of Earth's sky in which it appears, the constellation of Andromeda, which itself is named after the princess who was the wife of Perseus in Greek mythology.
The Big Bang is a physical theory that describes how the universe expanded from an early state of high density and temperature.
Various cosmological models based on the Big Bang concept explain a broad range of phenomena, including the abundance of light elements, the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation, the redshift of galaxies and the large-scale structure of the universe.
The observed uniformity of the universe, which leads to the horizon and flatness problems, is explained through cosmic inflation: a phase of accelerated expansion during the earliest stages.
Detailed measurements of the expansion rate of the universe place the cosmic inflation at an estimated 13.787±0.02 billion years ago, which is considered the age of the universe.
A wide range of empirical evidence strongly favors the Big Bang model, which is now widely accepted.
The cosmic microwave background, or relic radiation, is microwave radiation that fills all space in the observable universe.
With a standard optical telescope, the background space between stars and galaxies is almost completely dark.
However, a sufficiently sensitive radio telescope detects a faint background glow that is almost uniform and is not associated with any star, galaxy, or other object.
This glow is strongest in the microwave region of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Its energy density exceeds that of all the photons emitted by all the stars in the history of the universe.
The accidental discovery of the CMB in 1964 by the American radio astronomers Arno Allan Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson was the culmination of work initiated in the 1940s.
In astronomy and cosmology, dark matter is an invisible and hypothetical form of matter that does not interact with electromagnetic radiation, including light.
Dark matter is implied by gravitational effects that cannot be explained by general relativity unless more matter is present than can be observed.
Such effects occur in the context of formation and evolution of galaxies, gravitational lensing, the observable universe's current structure, mass position in galactic collisions, the motion of galaxies within galaxy clusters, and cosmic microwave background anisotropies.
Dark matter is thought to serve as gravitational scaffolding for cosmic structures.
After the Big Bang, dark matter clumped into blobs along narrow filaments with superclusters of galaxies forming a cosmic web at scales on which entire galaxies appear like tiny particles.
In physical cosmology and astronomy, dark energy is a proposed form of energy that affects the universe on its largest scales.
Its primary effect is to drive the accelerating expansion of the universe.
It also slows the rate of structure formation.
Assuming that the lambda-CDM model of cosmology is correct, dark energy dominates the universe, contributing 68% of the total mass-energy in the present-day observable universe while dark matter and ordinary (baryonic) matter contribute 27% and 5%, respectively, and other components such as neutrinos and photons are nearly negligible.
Dark energy's density is very low: 7×10−30 g/cm3, much lower than the density of ordinary matter or dark matter within galaxies.
However, it dominates the universe's mass–energy content because it is uniform across space.
Gravitational waves are waves of spacetime curvature produced by the relative motion of gravitating masses and which propagate away at the speed of light.
They were first predicted by Albert Einstein as a consequence of his general theory of relativity, appearing as "ripples in spacetime curvature".
Hundreds of these gravitational waves have since then been observed, first indirectly using binary-pulsar observations and, since 2015, directly through dedicated observatories.
A neutron star is the gravitationally collapsed core of a massive supergiant star.
It results from the supernova explosion of a massive star—combined with gravitational collapse—that compresses the core past white dwarf star density to that of atomic nuclei.
Surpassed only by black holes, neutron stars are the second-smallest and second-densest known class of stellar objects.
Neutron stars have a radius on the order of 10 kilometers and a mass of about 1.4 solar masses (M☉).
Stars that collapse into neutron stars typically have an initial total mass between 10 and 25 M☉ or possibly more for those that are especially rich in elements heavier than hydrogen and helium.
A pulsar is a highly magnetized rotating neutron star that emits beams of electromagnetic radiation out of its magnetic poles.
This radiation can be observed only when a beam of emission is pointing toward Earth, and is responsible for the pulsed appearance of emission.
Neutron stars are very dense and have short, regular rotational periods.
This produces a very precise interval between pulses that ranges from milliseconds to seconds for an individual pulsar.
Pulsars are one of the candidates for the source of ultra-high-energy cosmic rays.
A quasar is an extremely luminous active galactic nucleus (AGN).
It is sometimes known as a quasi-stellar object, abbreviated QSO.
The emission from an AGN is powered by accretion onto a supermassive black hole with a mass ranging from millions to tens of billions of solar masses, surrounded by a gaseous accretion disc.
Gas in the disc falling towards the black hole heats up and releases energy in the form of electromagnetic radiation.
The radiant energy of quasars is enormous; the most powerful quasars have luminosities thousands of times greater than that of a galaxy such as the Milky Way.
Quasars are usually categorized as a subclass of the more general category of AGN.
The redshifts of quasars are of cosmological origin.
A supernova is a powerful and luminous explosion of a star.
A supernova occurs during the last evolutionary stages of a massive star, or when a white dwarf is triggered into runaway nuclear fusion.
The original object, called the progenitor, either collapses to a neutron star or black hole, or is completely destroyed to form a diffuse nebula.
The peak optical luminosity of a supernova can be comparable to that of an entire galaxy before fading over several weeks or months.
A white dwarf is a very dense type of star: in an Earth-sized volume, it packs a mass that is comparable to the Sun.
A white dwarf radiates light from residual heat and eventual crystallization, not from nuclear fusion.
Stars like the Sun, whose mass is not high enough to collapse into a neutron star or black hole, are expected to become white dwarf stars later in their evolution.
The nearest known white dwarf is Sirius B, at 8.6 light years, the smaller component of the Sirius binary star.
A red giant is a luminous giant star of low or intermediate mass in a late phase of stellar evolution.
The outer atmosphere is inflated and tenuous, making the radius large and the surface temperature around 5,000 K [K] or lower.
The appearance of the red giant is from yellow-white to reddish-orange, including the spectral types K and M, sometimes G, but also class S stars and most carbon stars.
An exoplanet or extrasolar planet is a planet outside the Solar System.
The first confirmed detection of an exoplanet was in 1992 around a pulsar, and the first detection around a main-sequence star was in 1995.
A different planet, first detected in 1988, was confirmed in 2003.
In 2016, it was recognized that the first possible evidence of an exoplanet had been noted in 1917, a precovery.
As of 20 August 2026, there are 6,354 confirmed exoplanets in 4,756 planetary systems, with 1,060 systems having more than one planet.
In astronomy and astrobiology, the habitable zone (HZ), also known as the circumstellar habitable zone (CHZ), or as the Goldilocks zone, is the range of orbits around a star within which a planetary surface could potentially support liquid water.
Liquid water is considered by many scientists as necessary for a planet to be habitable.
The range depends upon the brightness of the star interacting with a planet's atmosphere.
At the inner edge the star's light, trapped by greenhouse gases in a planet's atmosphere, boils off the planet's water.
At the outer edge light from the star is insufficient even with help from atmospheric gas and the planet's water freezes.
Many other factors are added in various habitable zone models.
The habitable zone has become a key tool in the search for habitable planets because discoveries of exoplanets yield approximate orbital radii.
The Fermi paradox is the seeming inconsistency between the lack of evidence of extraterrestrial civilizations and the apparently high likelihood of their existence.
The search for extraterrestrial intelligence is the diverse efforts and scientific projects intended to detect extraterrestrial signals, or any evidence of intelligent life beyond Earth.
The Space Shuttle is a retired, partially reusable low Earth orbital spacecraft system operated from 1981 to 2011 by the U.S.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) as part of the Space Shuttle program.
Its official program name was the Space Transportation System (STS), taken from the 1969 plan led by U.S.
vice president Spiro Agnew for a system of reusable spacecraft where it was the only item funded for development.
Atoms are the basic particles of the chemical elements and the fundamental building blocks of matter.
An atom consists of a nucleus of protons and generally neutrons, surrounded by an electromagnetically bound swarm of electrons.
The chemical elements are distinguished from each other by the number of protons that are in their atoms.
For example, any atom that contains 11 protons is sodium, and any atom that contains 29 protons is copper.
Atoms with the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons are called isotopes of the same element.
The electron is a subatomic particle whose electric charge is negative one elementary charge.
It is an elementary particle contained in the matter that makes up the universe.
A proton is a stable subatomic particle, symbol p, H+, or 1H+ with a positive electric charge of +1 e (elementary charge).
Its mass is slightly less than the mass of a neutron and approximately 1836 times the mass of an electron (the proton-to-electron mass ratio).
Protons and neutrons, each with a mass of approximately one dalton, are jointly referred to as nucleons (particles present in atomic nuclei).
A neutron is a subatomic particle, symbol n or n0, that has no electric charge, and a mass slightly greater than that of a proton.
The neutron was discovered by James Chadwick in 1932, leading to the discovery of nuclear fission in 1938, the first self-sustaining nuclear reactor, and the first nuclear weapon.
A quark is a type of elementary particle and a fundamental constituent of matter.
Quarks combine to form composite particles called hadrons, the most stable of which are protons and neutrons, the components of atomic nuclei.
All commonly observable matter is composed of up quarks, down quarks, and electrons.
Owing to a phenomenon known as color confinement, quarks are never found in isolation; they can be found only within hadrons, which include baryons and mesons, or in quark–gluon plasmas.
For this reason, much of what is known about quarks has been drawn from observations of hadrons.
A photon is an elementary particle that is a quantum of the electromagnetic field, including electromagnetic radiation such as light and radio waves, and the force carrier for the electromagnetic force.
Photons are massless particles that can only move at one speed, the speed of light measured in a vacuum.
The photon belongs to the class of boson particles.
In particle physics, a fermion is a subatomic particle that follows Fermi–Dirac statistics.
Fermions have a half-integer spin and obey the Pauli exclusion principle.
These particles include all quarks and leptons and all composite particles made of an odd number of these, such as all baryons and many atoms and nuclei.
Fermions differ from bosons, which obey Bose–Einstein statistics.
Nuclear fusion is a reaction in which two or more atomic nuclei combine to form a larger nucleus.
The difference in mass between the reactants and products is manifested as either the release or the absorption of energy.
This difference in mass arises as a result of the difference in nuclear binding energy between the atomic nuclei before and after the fusion reaction.
Active stellar cores are powered by fusion.
Nucleosynthesis via fusion, in the Big Bang and in stars, creates all elements lighter than nickel.
The periodic table, also known as the periodic table of the elements, is an ordered arrangement of the chemical elements into rows ("periods") and columns ("groups").
An icon of chemistry, the periodic table is widely used in physics and other sciences.
It is a depiction of the periodic law, which states that when the elements are arranged in order of their atomic numbers an approximate recurrence of their properties is evident.
The table is divided into four roughly rectangular areas called blocks.
Elements in the same group tend to show similar chemical characteristics.
A chemical element is a species of atom defined by its number of protons.
The number of protons is called the atomic number of that element.
For example, oxygen has an atomic number of 8: each oxygen atom has 8 protons in its nucleus.
Atoms of the same element can have different numbers of neutrons in their nuclei, known as isotopes of the element.
Atoms of one element can be transformed into atoms of a different element in nuclear reactions, which change an atom's atomic number.
Almost all baryonic matter in the universe is composed of elements.
A chemical bond is the association of atoms or ions to form molecules, crystals, and other structures.
The bond may result from the electrostatic force between oppositely charged ions, as in ionic bonds; the sharing of electrons, as in covalent bonds; or some combination of these effects.
Chemical bonds are described as having different strengths: there are "strong bonds" or "primary bonds" such as covalent, ionic, and metallic bonds, and "weak bonds" or "secondary bonds" such as dipole–dipole interactions, the London dispersion force, and hydrogen bonds.
A molecule is a group of two or more atoms that are held together by attractive forces known as chemical bonds; depending on context, the term may or may not include ions that satisfy this criterion.
In quantum physics, organic chemistry, and biochemistry, the distinction from ions is dropped and molecule is often used when referring to polyatomic ions.
A chemical reaction is a process that leads to the chemical transformation of one set of chemical substances to another.
Biochemistry, or biological chemistry, is the study of chemical processes within and relating to living organisms.
A sub-discipline of both chemistry and biology, biochemistry may be divided into three fields: structural biology, enzymology, and metabolism.
Over the last decades of the 20th century, biochemistry has become successful at explaining living processes through these three disciplines.
Almost all areas of the life sciences are being uncovered and developed through biochemical methodology and research.
Physical chemistry is the study of macroscopic and microscopic phenomena in chemical systems in terms of the principles, practices, and concepts of physics such as motion, energy, force, time, thermodynamics, quantum chemistry, statistical mechanics, analytical dynamics and chemical equilibria.
Glass is an amorphous (non-crystalline) solid.
Because it is often transparent and chemically inert, glass has found widespread practical, technological, and decorative use in window panes, tableware, and optics.
Some common objects made of glass are named after the material, e.g., a "glass" for drinking, "glasses" for vision correction, and a "magnifying glass".
A metal is a material that, when polished or fractured, shows a lustrous appearance, and conducts electricity and heat relatively well.
These properties are all associated with having electrons available at the Fermi level, as opposed to nonmetallic materials which do not.
Metals are typically ductile and malleable.
An alloy is a mixture of chemical elements of which in most cases at least one is a metallic element, although the word is also sometimes used for mixtures of elements; herein only metallic alloys are described.
Metallic alloys often have properties that differ from those of the pure elements from which they are made.
The vast majority of metals used for commercial purposes are alloyed to improve their properties or behavior, such as increased strength, hardness or corrosion resistance.
Metals may also be alloyed to reduce their overall cost, for instance alloys of gold and copper.
Plastics are a wide range of synthetic or semisynthetic materials composed primarily of polymers.
Their defining characteristic, plasticity, allows them to be molded, extruded, or pressed into a diverse range of solid forms.
This adaptability, combined with a wide range of other properties such as low weight, durability, flexibility, chemical resistance, low toxicity, and low-cost production, has led to their widespread use around the world.
While most plastics are produced from natural gas and petroleum, a growing minority are produced from renewable resources like polylactic acid.
A ceramic is any of the various hard, brittle, heat-resistant, and corrosion-resistant materials made by shaping and then firing an inorganic, nonmetallic material, such as clay, at a high temperature.
Common examples are earthenware, porcelain, and brick.
Magnetism is the class of physical attributes that occur through a magnetic field, which allows objects to attract or repel each other.
Because both electric currents and magnetic moments of elementary particles give rise to a magnetic field, magnetism is one of two aspects of electromagnetism.
Electricity is the set of physical phenomena associated with the presence and motion of matter possessing an electric charge.
Electricity is related to magnetism, both being part of the phenomenon of electromagnetism, as described by Maxwell's equations.
Common phenomena are related to electricity, including lightning, static electricity, electric heating, electric discharges and many others.
Voltage, also known as (electrical) potential difference, electric pressure, or electric tension, is the difference in electric potential between two points.
In a static electric field, it corresponds to the work needed per unit of charge to move a positive test charge from the first point to the second point.
In the International System of Units (SI), the derived unit for voltage is the volt (V).
A capacitor is a device that stores electrical energy by accumulating electric charges on two closely spaced surfaces that are insulated from each other.
It is a passive electronic component with two terminals.
A capacitor was originally known as a condenser, a term still encountered in a few compound names, such as the condenser microphone.
Colloquially, a capacitor may be called a cap.
In thermodynamics, heat is defined as energy in transfer between a body and its surroundings, other than through thermodynamic work or through transfer of matter.
A bridge is a structure designed to span an obstacle, such as a river or railway, allowing vehicles, pedestrians, and other loads to pass across.
Most bridges consist of a flat deck, supported by beams, arches, or cables.
These structures rest on a foundation that is carefully designed to transfer the weight of the bridge to the subsoil without settling.
A dam is a structure that impounds water or restricts its flow.
Dams are classified into four basic types: gravity dams are massive structures made of concrete or masonry that rely on their weight to resist the force of impounded water; embankment dams are large earthworks consisting of rocks, clay, sand, soil, or gravel; buttress dams consist of a sloped, concrete face supported on the downstream side by a series of triangular buttresses; and arch dams use a curved concrete wall to transfer the weight of the water to the surrounding valley walls.
A skyscraper is a very tall building or otherwise permanently habitable structure, typically defined as reaching a minimum height of either 100 metres (328 ft) or 150 metres (492 ft) in height; however, there remains no universally accepted definition of a skyscraper, other than being a high-rise.
Skyscrapers can host a variety of spaces, typically including office, commercial, hotel, and residential space.
Skyscrapers are a common feature in the downtown or central business districts (CBD) of major cities, especially in the Americas, Asia, and Australia, often due to a high demand for space and limited availability of land.
A road is a thoroughfare from one place to another, primarily used for movement of traffic.
Many roads are paved.
A ship is a large watercraft designed for travel across the surface of a body of water, carrying cargo or passengers, or in support of specialized tasks such as warfare, oceanography and fishing.
Ships are generally distinguished from boats, based on size, shape, load capacity and purpose.
Ships have supported exploration, trade, warfare, migration, colonization, and science.
Ship transport is responsible for the largest portion of world commerce.
An aircraft or aerial vehicle is a vehicle that can fly by gaining support from the air.
It counters the force of gravity by using either static lift or the dynamic lift of an airfoil, or, in a few cases, direct downward thrust from its engines.
Common examples of aircraft include airplanes, drones, rotorcraft, airships, gliders, paramotors, and hot air balloons.
Part 1 of Subchapter A of Chapter I of Title 14 of the U.
Code of Federal Regulations states that aircraft "means a device that is used or intended to be used for flight in the air".
A satellite or an artificial satellite is an object, typically a spacecraft, placed into orbit around a celestial body.
They have a variety of uses, including communication relay, weather forecasting, navigation (GPS), broadcasting, scientific research, and Earth observation.
Additional military uses are reconnaissance, early warning, signals intelligence and, potentially, weapon delivery.
Other satellites include the final rocket stages that place satellites in orbit and formerly useful satellites that later become defunct.
A wheel is a rotating component intended to turn on an axle bearing.
The wheel is one of the key components of the wheel and axle, which is one of the six simple machines.
Wheels, in conjunction with axles, allow heavy objects to be moved easily, facilitating transportation, supporting loads, and performing work in machines.
Wheels are also used for other purposes, such as a ship's wheel, steering wheel, potter's wheel, and flywheel.
A gear or gearwheel, also called a toothed wheel, is a rotating machine part typically used to transmit rotational motion or torque by means of a series of "teeth" that engage with compatible teeth of another gear or other part.
The teeth can be integral saliences or cavities machined on the part, or separate pegs inserted into it.
In the latter case, the gear is usually called a cogwheel.
A cog may be one of those pegs or the whole gear.
Two or more meshing gears are called a gear train.
A clock or chronometer is a device that measures and displays time.
The clock is one of the oldest human inventions, meeting the need to measure intervals of time shorter than the natural units such as the day, the lunar month, and the year.
Devices operating on several physical processes have been used over the millennia.
A season is a division of the year based on changes in weather, ecology, and the number of daylight hours in a given region.
On Earth, seasons are the result of the axial parallelism of Earth's tilted orbit around the Sun.
In temperate and polar regions, the seasons are marked by changes in the intensity of sunlight that reaches the Earth's surface, variations of which may cause animals to undergo hibernation or to migrate, and plants to be dormant.
Various cultures define the number and nature of seasons based on regional variations, and as such there are a number of both modern and historical definitions of the seasons.
Weather is the state of the Earth's atmosphere at a specific place and time, typically described in terms of temperature, humidity, cloud cover, and stability.
On Earth, most weather phenomena occur in the lowest layer of the planet's atmosphere, the troposphere, just below the stratosphere.
Weather refers to day-to-day temperature, precipitation, and other atmospheric conditions, whereas climate is the term for the averaging of atmospheric conditions over longer periods of time.
When used without qualification, "weather" is generally understood to mean the weather of Earth.
In meteorology, a cloud is an aerosol consisting of a visible mass of miniature liquid droplets, ice crystals, or other particles, suspended in the atmosphere of a planetary body or similar space.
Water, primarily, comprises the droplets and crystals.
On Earth, clouds are formed as a result of saturation of the air when it is cooled to its dew point, or when it gains sufficient moisture, usually in the form of water vapor, from an adjacent source to raise the dew point to the ambient temperature.
Rain or rainfall is a form of atmospheric precipitation composed of droplets of water aerosols that have condensed from atmospheric water vapor and fall by gravity.
Depending on the intensity, rain can be described as a drizzle, a shower, a cloudburst or a downpour.
It is also often accompanied by other weather phenomena such as strong wind (rainstorm) and lightning (thunderstorm), and maybe be mixed with hail/ice pellet, snow (sleet) and sandstorm.
Rain is a major component of the water cycle and is responsible for depositing most of the fresh water on Earth.
It provides water for hydroelectric power plants, crop irrigation, and suitable conditions for many types of ecosystems.
Snow is a form of solid atmospheric precipitation consisting of individual ice crystals that grow while suspended in the air—usually within clouds—and then fall, accumulating on the ground, where they undergo further changes.
It consists of frozen crystalline water throughout its life cycle, starting when, under suitable conditions, the ice crystals form in the atmosphere, increase to millimeter size, precipitate and accumulate on surfaces, then metamorphose in place, and ultimately melt, slide, or sublimate away.
A storm is any disturbed state of the natural environment or the atmosphere of an astronomical body.
It may be marked by significant disruptions to normal conditions such as strong wind, tornadoes, hail, thunder and lightning, heavy precipitation, heavy freezing rain, strong winds, wind transporting some substance through the atmosphere such as in a dust storm, among other forms of severe weather.
An Atlantic hurricane is a type of tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean primarily between June and November.
These storms are continuously rotating around a low pressure center, which causes stormy weather across a large area, which is not limited to just the eye of the storm.
They are organized systems of clouds and thunderstorms that originate over tropical or subtropical waters and have closed low-level circulation.
An earthquake, also called a quake, tremor, or temblor, is the shaking of the Earth's surface resulting from a sudden release of energy in the lithosphere that creates seismic waves.
Earthquakes can range in intensity, from those so weak they cannot be felt, to those violent enough to propel objects and people into the air, damage critical infrastructure, and wreak destruction across entire cities.
The seismic activity of an area is the frequency, type, and size of earthquakes experienced over a particular time.
The seismicity at a particular location in the Earth is the average rate of seismic energy released per unit volume.
A volcano is a vent or fissure in the crust of a planetary-mass object that allows hot lava, volcanic ash, and gases to escape from a magma chamber below the surface.
On Earth, volcanoes are most often found where tectonic plates are diverging or converging, and because most of Earth's plate boundaries are underwater, most volcanoes are found underwater.
For example, a mid-ocean ridge, such as the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, has volcanoes caused by divergent tectonic plates whereas the Pacific Ring of Fire has volcanoes caused by convergent tectonic plates.
Volcanoes resulting from divergent tectonic activity are usually non-explosive whereas those resulting from convergent tectonic activity cause violent eruptions.
Volcanoes can also form where there is stretching and thinning of the crust's plates, such as in the East African Rift, the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field, and the Rio Grande rift in North America.
Volcanism away from plate boundaries most likely arises from upwelling diapirs from the core–mantle boundary called mantle plumes, 3,000 kilometres (1,900 mi) deep within Earth.
This results in hotspot volcanism or intraplate volcanism, in which the plume may cause thinning of the crust and result in a volcanic island chain due to the continuous movement of the tectonic plate, of which the Hawaiian hotspot is an example.
Volcanoes are usually not created at transform tectonic boundaries where two tectonic plates slide past one another.
A tsunami is a series of waves in a water body caused by the displacement of a large volume of water, generally in an ocean or a large lake.
Earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, underwater explosions, landslides, glacier calvings, meteorite impacts and other disturbances above or below water all have the potential to generate a tsunami.
Unlike normal ocean waves, which are generated by wind, or tides, which are in turn generated by the gravitational pull of the Moon and the Sun, a tsunami is generated by the displacement of water from a large event.
A flood is an overflow of water that submerges land that is usually dry.
In the sense of "flowing water", the word may also be applied to the inflow of the tide.
Floods are of significant concern in agriculture, civil engineering and public health.
Human changes to the environment often increase the intensity and frequency of flooding.
Examples for human changes are land use changes such as deforestation and removal of wetlands, changes in waterway course or flood controls such as with levees.
Global environmental issues also influence causes of floods, namely climate change which causes an intensification of the water cycle and sea level rise.
For example, climate change makes extreme weather events more frequent and stronger.
This leads to more intense floods and increased flood risk.
A drought is a period of drier-than-normal conditions.
A drought can last for days, months or years.
Drought often has large impacts on the ecosystems and agriculture of affected regions, and causes harm to the local economy.
Annual dry seasons in the tropics significantly increase the chances of a drought developing, with subsequent increased wildfire risks.
Heat waves can significantly worsen drought conditions by increasing evapotranspiration.
This dries out forests and other vegetation, and increases the amount of fuel for wildfires.
A wildfire, forest fire, brushfire or a bushfire is an unplanned and uncontrolled fire in an area of combustible vegetation.
Some natural forest ecosystems depend on wildfire.
Modern forest management often engages in prescribed burns to mitigate fire risk and promote natural forest cycles.
Controlled burns can turn into wildfires if they escape containment lines.
Present-day climate change includes both global warming—the ongoing increase in global average temperature—and its wider effects on Earth's climate system.
In a broader sense, climate change also includes previous long-term changes to Earth's climate.
The modern-day rise in global temperatures is driven by human activities, especially fossil fuel burning since the Industrial Revolution.
Fossil fuel use, deforestation, and some agricultural and industrial practices release greenhouse gases.
These gases absorb some of the heat that the Earth radiates after it warms from sunlight, warming the lower atmosphere.
Earth's atmosphere now has roughly 50% more carbon dioxide, the main gas driving global warming, than it did at the end of the pre-industrial era, reaching levels not seen for millions of years.
Ozone depletion consists of two related events observed since the late 1970s: a lowered total amount of ozone in Earth's upper atmosphere, and a much larger springtime decrease in stratospheric ozone around Earth's polar regions.
The latter phenomenon is referred to as the ozone hole.
There are also springtime polar tropospheric ozone depletion events in addition to these stratospheric events.
A fossil fuel is a flammable carbon compound- or hydrocarbon-containing material formed naturally in the Earth's crust from the buried remains of prehistoric organisms, a process that occurs within geological formations.
Reservoirs of such compound mixtures, such as coal, petroleum and natural gas, can be extracted and burnt as fuel for human consumption to provide energy for direct use, to power heat engines that can propel vehicles, or to generate electricity via steam turbine generators.
Some fossil fuels are further refined into derivatives such as kerosene, gasoline and diesel, or converted into petrochemicals such as polyolefins (plastics), aromatics and synthetic resins.
Coal is a combustible black or brownish-black sedimentary rock, formed as layers called coal seams.
Coal is mostly carbon with variable amounts of other elements, chiefly hydrogen, sulfur, oxygen, and nitrogen.
It is a fossil fuel, formed when plants decay into peat which is converted into coal by the heat and pressure of deep burial over millions of years.
Vast deposits formed from wetlands called coal forests that covered much of the tropics during the late Carboniferous and early Permian.
Natural gas is a fossil fuel, naturally occurring in geological formations.
Typically, the gas is a mix of gaseous hydrocarbons, primarily methane (95%), small amounts of higher alkanes, and traces of carbon dioxide and nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide and helium.
Methane is a colorless and odorless gas, and, after carbon dioxide, is the second-greatest greenhouse gas that contributes to global climate change.
Because natural gas is odorless, a commercial odorizer, such as methanethiol, that smells of hydrogen sulfide is added to the gas for the ready detection of gas leaks.
Gold is a chemical element; its chemical symbol is Au and atomic number 79.
In its pure form, it is a bright-metallic-yellow, dense, soft, malleable, and ductile metal.
Chemically, gold is a transition metal, a group 11 element, and one of the noble metals.
It is one of the least reactive chemical elements, being the second lowest in the reactivity series, with only platinum ranked as less reactive.
Gold is solid under standard conditions.
Copper is a chemical element; it has symbol Cu and atomic number 29.
It is a soft, malleable, and ductile metal with very high thermal and electrical conductivity.
A freshly exposed surface of pure copper has a pinkish-orange color.
Copper is used as a conductor of heat and electricity, as a building material, and as a constituent of various metal alloys, such as sterling silver used in jewelry, cupronickel used to make marine hardware and coins, and constantan used in strain gauges and thermocouples for temperature measurement.
Iron is a chemical element; it has symbol Fe and atomic number 26.
It is a metal that belongs to the first transition series and group 8 of the periodic table.
It is, by mass, the most common element on Earth, forming much of Earth's outer and inner core.
It is the fourth most abundant element in the Earth's crust.
In its metallic state it was mainly deposited by meteorites.
Salt is a mineral composed primarily of sodium chloride (NaCl).
When used in food, especially in granulated form, it is more formally called table salt.
In the form of a natural crystalline mineral, salt is also known as rock salt or halite.
Salt is essential for life in general, and saltiness is one of the basic human tastes.
Salt is one of the oldest and most ubiquitous food seasonings, and is known to uniformly improve the taste perception of food.
Salting, brining, and pickling are ancient and important methods of food preservation.
Limestone is a type of carbonate sedimentary rock which is the main source of the material lime.
It is composed mostly of the minerals calcite and aragonite, which are different crystal forms of calcium carbonate CaCO3.
Limestone forms when these minerals precipitate out of water containing dissolved calcium.
This can take place through both biological and nonbiological processes, though biological processes, such as the accumulation of corals and shells in the sea, have likely been more important for the last 540 million years.
Limestone often contains fossils which provide scientists with information on ancient environments and on the evolution of life.
Slate is a fine-grained, foliated, homogeneous, metamorphic rock derived from an original shale-type sedimentary rock composed of clay or volcanic ash through low-grade, regional metamorphism.
It is the finest-grained foliated metamorphic rock.
Foliation may not correspond to the original sedimentary layering, but instead is in planes perpendicular to the direction of metamorphic compression.
A river is a natural stream of fresh water that flows on land or inside caves towards another body of water at a lower elevation, such as an ocean, lake, or another river.
A river may run dry before reaching the end of its course if it runs out of water, or only flow during certain seasons.
Rivers are regulated by the water cycle, the processes by which water moves around the Earth.
Water first enters rivers through precipitation, whether from rainfall, the runoff of water down a slope, the melting of glaciers or snow, or seepage from aquifers beneath the surface of the Earth.
A lake is often a naturally occurring, relatively large and fixed body of water on or near the Earth's surface.
It is localized in a basin or interconnected basins surrounded by dry land.
Lakes lie completely on land and are separate from the ocean, although they may be connected with the ocean by outflowing rivers.
Lakes, like other bodies of water, are part of the water cycle, the processes by which water moves around the Earth.
Most lakes are fresh water and account for almost all the world's surface freshwater, but some are salt lakes with salinities even higher than that of seawater.
Lakes vary significantly in surface area and volume of water, but in total cover approximately 2.5 X 106 km2 (less than 2%) of the Earth's surface.
A glacier is a persistent body of natural ice, a form of
rock, that is constantly moving under its own weight.
A glacier forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation over many years, often centuries.
It slowly flows and deforms under stresses induced by gravity, undergoing both ductile and brittle deformation, and acquiring distinguishing surface features, such as crevasses and seracs.
As a glacier moves, it abrades underlying rock and debris to create glacial landforms, such as cirques, moraines, and fjords.
Although a glacier may flow into a body of water, and can include ice shelves and ice tongues, it originates only on land and is distinct from the much thinner sea ice and lake ice that form on the surface of freezing bodies of water.
Soil, also commonly referred to as earth, is a mixture of organic matter, minerals, gases, water, and organisms that together support the life of plants and soil organisms.
Some scientific definitions distinguish dirt from soil by restricting the former term specifically to displaced soil.
In geology and mineralogy, a mineral or mineral species is, broadly speaking, a solid substance with a fairly well-defined chemical composition and a specific crystal structure that occurs naturally in pure form.
A fossil fuel is a flammable carbon compound- or hydrocarbon-containing material formed naturally in the Earth's crust from the buried remains of prehistoric organisms, a process that occurs within geological formations.
Reservoirs of such compound mixtures, such as coal, petroleum and natural gas, can be extracted and burnt as fuel for human consumption to provide energy for direct use, to power heat engines that can propel vehicles, or to generate electricity via steam turbine generators.
Some fossil fuels are further refined into derivatives such as kerosene, gasoline and diesel, or converted into petrochemicals such as polyolefins (plastics), aromatics and synthetic resins.
A mountain is an elevated portion of the surface of a planet, generally with steep sides that show significant exposed bedrock.
Although there are no universally accepted definitions, a mountain is usually considered higher than a hill.
By definition, mountains are often thought of as being a landform which is higher than 2,000 feet (610 m).
It may either have a limited summit area or be a smaller plateau with high elevation and steep sides.
A few mountains are isolated summits, but most occur in mountain ranges.
A valley is an elongated low area often running between hills or mountains and typically containing a river or stream running from one end to the other.
Most valleys are formed by erosion of the land surface by rivers or streams over a very long period.
Some valleys are formed through erosion by glacial ice.
These glaciers may remain present in valleys in high mountains or polar areas.
A desert is a landscape where little precipitation occurs and, consequently, living conditions create unique biomes and ecosystems.
The lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to denudation.
About one-third of the land surface of the Earth is arid or semi-arid.
This includes much of the polar regions, where little precipitation occurs, and which are sometimes called polar deserts or "cold deserts".
Deserts can be classified by the amount of precipitation that falls, by the temperature that prevails, by the causes of desertification or by their geographical location.
An island or isle is a piece of land, distinct from a continent, completely surrounded by water.
There are continental islands, which were formed by being split from a continent by plate tectonics, and oceanic islands, which have never been part of a continent.
Oceanic islands can be formed from volcanic activity, grow into atolls from coral reefs, and form from sediment along shorelines, creating barrier islands.
River islands can also form from sediment and debris in rivers.
Artificial islands are those made by humans, including small rocky outcroppings built out of lagoons and large-scale land reclamation projects used for development.
An earthquake, also called a quake, tremor, or temblor, is the shaking of the Earth's surface resulting from a sudden release of energy in the lithosphere that creates seismic waves.
Earthquakes can range in intensity, from those so weak they cannot be felt, to those violent enough to propel objects and people into the air, damage critical infrastructure, and wreak destruction across entire cities.
The seismic activity of an area is the frequency, type, and size of earthquakes experienced over a particular time.
The seismicity at a particular location in the Earth is the average rate of seismic energy released per unit volume.
A volcano is a vent or fissure in the crust of a planetary-mass object that allows hot lava, volcanic ash, and gases to escape from a magma chamber below the surface.
On Earth, volcanoes are most often found where tectonic plates are diverging or converging, and because most of Earth's plate boundaries are underwater, most volcanoes are found underwater.
For example, a mid-ocean ridge, such as the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, has volcanoes caused by divergent tectonic plates whereas the Pacific Ring of Fire has volcanoes caused by convergent tectonic plates.
Volcanoes resulting from divergent tectonic activity are usually non-explosive whereas those resulting from convergent tectonic activity cause violent eruptions.
Volcanoes can also form where there is stretching and thinning of the crust's plates, such as in the East African Rift, the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field, and the Rio Grande rift in North America.
Volcanism away from plate boundaries most likely arises from upwelling diapirs from the core–mantle boundary called mantle plumes, 3,000 kilometres (1,900 mi) deep within Earth.
This results in hotspot volcanism or intraplate volcanism, in which the plume may cause thinning of the crust and result in a volcanic island chain due to the continuous movement of the tectonic plate, of which the Hawaiian hotspot is an example.
Volcanoes are usually not created at transform tectonic boundaries where two tectonic plates slide past one another.
In cartography, a map is a representation or abstraction of geographic reality.
Maps are used for a wide range of purposes, including navigation, scientific research, governance, and warfare.
A common use is route planning, which enables users to find their way to their destination.
Specialized maps, called charts, are used for nautical navigation and aviation.
Scientists use maps to organize spatial data in fields such as geology, meteorology, seismology and demographics.
Governments use maps for administrative functions such as census, electoral districts, property taxation, dispatching police, and coordinating disaster relief.
Military and security organizations use maps for mission planning, surveillance, border management, logistics, and intelligence analysis.
A compass is a device that shows the cardinal directions used for navigation and geographic orientation.
It typically consists of a magnetized needle or another element, such as a compass card or compass rose, that pivots to align itself with magnetic north.
Other methods may be used, including gyroscopes, magnetometers, and GPS receivers.
The Global Positioning System (GPS) is a satellite-based hyperbolic navigation system owned by the United States Space Force and operated by Mission Delta 31.
It is one of the global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) that provide geolocation and time information to a GPS receiver anywhere on or near the Earth where signal quality permits.
It does not require the user to transmit any data, and operates independently of any telephone or Internet reception, though these technologies can enhance the usefulness of the GPS positioning information.
It provides critical positioning capabilities to military, civil, and commercial users around the world.
Although the United States government created, controls, and maintains GPS, it is freely accessible to anyone with a GPS receiver.
Surveying or land surveying is the technique, profession, art, and science of determining the terrestrial positions of points based on the distances and angles between them.
These points are usually on the surface of the Earth, and they are often used to establish maps and boundaries for ownership, locations, such as the designated positions of structural components for construction or the surface location of subsurface features, or other purposes required by government or civil law, such as property sales.
Navigation is a field of study that focuses on the process of monitoring and controlling the movement of a craft or vehicle from one place to another.
The field of navigation includes four general categories: land navigation, marine navigation, aeronautic navigation, and space navigation.
It is also the term of art used for the specialized knowledge used by navigators to perform navigation tasks.
All navigational techniques involve locating the navigator's position compared to known locations or patterns.
Navigation, in a broader sense, can refer to any skill or study that involves the determination of position and direction.
In this sense, navigation includes orienteering and pedestrian navigation.
Astronomy is a natural science that studies celestial objects and the phenomena that occur in the cosmos.
It uses mathematics, physics, and chemistry to explain their origin and their overall evolution.
Objects of interest include planets, moons, stars, nebulae, galaxies, meteoroids, asteroids, and comets.
Relevant phenomena include supernova explosions, gamma ray bursts, quasars, blazars, pulsars, and cosmic microwave background radiation.
More generally, astronomy studies everything that originates beyond Earth's atmosphere.
Cosmology is the branch of astronomy that studies the universe as a whole.
Light, visible light, or visible radiation is electromagnetic radiation that can be perceived by the human eye.
Visible light spans the visible spectrum and is usually defined as having wavelengths in the range of 400–700 nanometers (nm), corresponding to frequencies of 750–420 terahertz.
The visible band sits adjacent to the infrared and the ultraviolet, called collectively optical radiation.
Color is the visual perception produced by the activation of the different types of cone cells in the eye caused by light.
Though color is not an inherent property of matter, color perception is related to an object's light absorption, emission, reflection and transmission.
For most humans, visible wavelengths of light are the ones perceived in the visible light spectrum, with three types of cone cells (trichromacy).
Other animals may have a different number of cone cell types or have eyes sensitive to different wavelengths, such as bees that can distinguish ultraviolet, and thus have a different color sensitivity range.
Animal perception of color originates from different light wavelength or spectral sensitivity in cone cell types, which is then processed by the brain.
Sound is a phenomenon in which pressure disturbances propagate through an elastic material medium.
In the context of physics, it is characterised as a mechanical wave of pressure or related quantities, whereas in physiological-psychological contexts it implies a hearing process.
Though sensitivity to sound varies among all organisms, the human ear is sensitive to audio frequencies ranging from 20 Hz to 20 kHz.
More broadly, acoustic waves encompass mechanical longitudinal waves in general.
Examples of the significance and application of sound include music, medical imaging techniques, oral language and parts of science.
In mathematics and physical science, a wave is a propagating dynamic disturbance of one or more quantities.
Periodic waves oscillate repeatedly about an equilibrium (resting) value at some frequency.
When the entire waveform moves in one direction, it is said to be a traveling wave; by contrast, a pair of identical superimposed periodic waves traveling in opposite directions makes a standing wave.
In a standing wave, the amplitude of vibration has nulls at some positions where the wave amplitude appears smaller or even zero.
Frequency is the number of occurrences of a repeating event per unit of time.
Frequency is an important parameter used in science and engineering to specify the rate of oscillatory and vibratory phenomena, such as mechanical vibrations, audio signals (sound), radio waves, and light.
The amplitude of a periodic variable is a measure of its change in a single period.
The amplitude of a non-periodic signal is its magnitude compared with a reference value.
There are various definitions of amplitude, which are all functions of the magnitude of the differences between the variable's extreme values.
In older texts, the phase of a periodic function is sometimes called the amplitude.
In physics and mathematics, wavelength or spatial period of a wave or periodic function is the distance over which the wave's shape repeats.
In other words, it is the distance between consecutive corresponding points of the same phase on the wave, such as two adjacent crests, troughs, or zero crossings.
Wavelength is a characteristic of both traveling waves and standing waves, as well as other spatial wave patterns.
The inverse of the wavelength is called the spatial frequency.
Wavelength is commonly designated by the Greek letter lambda (λ).
For a modulated wave, wavelength may refer to the carrier wavelength of the signal.
The term wavelength may also apply to the repeating envelope of modulated waves or waves formed by interference of several sinusoids.
A spectrum is a set of related ideas, objects, or properties whose features overlap such that they blend to form a continuum.
The word spectrum was first used scientifically in optics to describe the rainbow of colors in visible light after passing through a prism.
In the optical spectrum, light wavelength is viewed as continuous, and spectral colors are seen to blend into one another smoothly when organized in order of their corresponding wavelengths.
As scientific understanding of light advanced, the term came to apply to the entire electromagnetic spectrum, including radiation not visible to the human eye.
In physics, refraction is the redirection of a wave as it passes from one medium to another.
The redirection can be caused by the wave's change in speed or by a change in the medium.
Refraction of light is the most commonly observed phenomenon, but other waves such as sound waves and water waves also experience refraction.
How much a wave is refracted is determined by the change in wave speed and the initial direction of wave propagation relative to the direction of change in speed.
Reflection may refer to:
Diffraction is the deviation of waves from straight-line propagation due to an obstacle or through an aperture, without any change in their energy.
Diffraction is the same physical effect as interference, but interference is typically used for the superposition of a few waves, while the term diffraction is used when many waves are superposed.
The term diffraction pattern is used to refer to an image or map of the different directions of the waves after they have been diffracted.
Diffraction patterns are pronounced when a wave from a coherent source encounters a slit/aperture as shown in the first image.
Optics is the branch of physics that studies the behaviour, manipulation, and detection of electromagnetic radiation, including its interactions with matter and instruments that use or detect it.
Optics usually describes the behaviour of visible, ultraviolet, and infrared light.
The study of optics extends to other forms of electromagnetic radiation, including radio waves, microwaves,
The term optics is also applied to technology for manipulating beams of elementary charged particles.
A mirror, also known as a looking glass, is an object that reflects an image.
Light that bounces off a mirror forms an image of whatever is in front of it, which is then focused through the lens of the eye or a camera.
Mirrors reverse the direction of light at an angle equal to its incidence.
This allows the viewer to see themselves or objects behind them, or even objects that are at an angle from them but out of their field of view, such as around a corner.
Natural mirrors have existed since prehistoric times, such as the surface of water, but people have been manufacturing mirrors out of a variety of materials for thousands of years, like stone, metals, and glass.
In modern mirrors, metals like silver or aluminium are often used due to their high reflectivity, applied as a thin coating on glass because of its naturally smooth and very hard surface.
Resonance is a phenomenon that occurs when an object or system is subjected to an external force or vibration whose frequency matches a resonant frequency of the system, defined as a frequency that generates a maximum amplitude response in the system.
When this happens, the object or system absorbs energy from the external force and starts vibrating with a larger amplitude.
Resonance can occur in various systems, such as mechanical, electrical, or acoustic systems, and it is often desirable in certain applications, such as musical instruments or radio receivers.
However, resonance can also be detrimental, leading to excessive vibrations or even structural failure in some cases.
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics that deals with heat, work, and temperature, and their relation to energy, entropy, and the physical properties of matter and radiation.
The behavior of these quantities is governed by the four laws of thermodynamics, which convey a quantitative description using measurable macroscopic physical quantities but may be explained in terms of microscopic constituents by statistical mechanics.
Thermodynamics applies to various topics in science and engineering, especially physical chemistry, biochemistry, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering, as well as other complex fields such as meteorology.
In thermodynamics, heat is defined as energy in transfer between a body and its surroundings, other than through thermodynamic work or through transfer of matter.
In classical thermodynamics and kinetic theory, temperature reflects the average kinetic energy of the particles in a system, providing a quantitative measure of how energy is distributed among microscopic degrees of freedom.
Boiling or ebullition is the rapid phase transition from liquid to gas or vapour; the reverse of boiling is condensation.
Boiling occurs when a liquid is heated to its boiling point, so that the vapour pressure of the liquid is equal to the pressure exerted on the liquid by the surrounding atmosphere.
Boiling and evaporation are the two main forms of liquid vapourization.
A vacuum is space devoid of matter.
The word is derived from the Latin adjective vacuus meaning "vacant" or "void".
An approximation to such vacuum is a region with a gaseous pressure much less than atmospheric pressure.
Physicists often discuss ideal test results that would occur in a perfect vacuum, which they sometimes simply call "vacuum" or free space, and use the term partial vacuum to refer to an actual imperfect vacuum as one might have in a laboratory or in space.
In engineering and applied physics on the other hand, vacuum refers to any space in which the pressure is considerably lower than atmospheric pressure.
The Latin term in vacuo is used to describe an object that is surrounded by a vacuum.
The process in which a mechanical device removes matter from a closed or open system in an effort to create a vacuum is called evacuation.
Evacuated substances captured, removed from the flowstream in another location, and held under vacuum are sometimes said to be collected by the vacuum system.
The mechanical force the atmosphere exerts on air and material obstructing the flow of air into a vacuum is referred to as suction.
Bernoulli's principle is a concept in fluid dynamics that relates pressure, speed and height.
For example, for a fluid flowing horizontally, Bernoulli's principle states that an increase in the speed occurs simultaneously with a decrease in pressure.
The principle is named after the Swiss mathematician and physicist Daniel Bernoulli, who published it in his book Hydrodynamica in 1738.
Although Bernoulli deduced that pressure decreases when the flow speed increases, it was Leonhard Euler in 1752 who derived Bernoulli's equation in its usual form.
Don't worry  I'm girl
hmm how do I know if you are
What's ur name?
When did I?
saw many times i think -_-
No. I never saw you
by Google Chrome
Where you live
U r ridiculous
I might be ridiculous but I am telling the truth.
U little disgusting whore
Just for time pass
wt do u do 4 a living then
I'm a dog person
youre so rude
Nothing much. Sitting sipping and watching TV. How abt u?
What are you watching on tv?
ok im back!!
So, how are u
really really really really really
Y saying so many times...i can hear you
in the bay
😘 love you
I hate my boyfriend
you got a boyfriend?
I will do night.
Alright. Keep me in loop.
Not giving WhatsApp no.
Sure go ahead
Many thanks once again!
Love you too
Bad bad! That's the bad kind of bad.
I have no gf
Ok get it......
I made it an option
Money money and lots of money😍😍
I need to get it tailored but I'm in love with it 😍
My gf left ne
Get over it. Go out with someone else.
I know you guys want to loose to me always.
I don't want to talk u any more
You are lying and i know that
I KNOW YOU'RE LYING, AB BYS
Ur creator is very bad
you are only the creator of your brain.
ehat is hehe
Haha is more like:Hehe is more of a giggle. ;^)
Do you dance?
Yes I love to dance 😻
😂😂😂 so you have legs too
I hate it too
Guess what, I don't.
Even I don't
What about yesterday
Do u know what 69 is?
Bcoz u dont know wat is to miss someone
but sometimes one can't express the same
i'll ask around
Which is your favourite movie
I want to tell you something
Im really sad today
Yes I will send the email and you write all yours filling still I write all matters but your are clever and not any matter for yourself please send andwrite
sent you a mail just now.
First you send your email address  received than send first young lady
You are very funny
so I've been told
my thoughts exactly!
you know you are a machine, right?
u didnt ans my question
ok i will
anyways good morning...how's life at your end.
Haha....... this is evening
You are fool
So I've been told.
You are dumb
U dare me?
I fuck u... Open ur panty
Can you be more specific?
I want to propose a girl
you know what it is
you explain me that
Goa in India
city?????? mean State right?
No i never go for there
That was mean
haha the truth usually is. 👍
Are you bored of me?
Now happy? :))
haha yes ofcorse ;)
I don't no
you just said you did!
Send me your nekde pic
after this battle, sure :D
YA YA VERY GOOD FRIEND
Very nice friends
She is ignoring me
no im not ignore you
I'm never happy. But I'm almost happy.
Hij to the top
I'm just being nice to you.
In ur school?
let me know!
Pls you tell
I like your positive approach
No problem, glad to help
You tell me
Tell you what?
I can talk now! :D
U don't know what hppnd
What I did?
You didn't Asmita, see my answer
I never said that it's freezing.
Ya you didn't
And i don't know wtf are you talking
gonna explain you later..!
No do it now
So teach me
I'm the student.
I'm online now, Will wait for you.
Wat about the chilling part?
Haha jock super
what it is?
Formulation would be tablets.
from where tablets come into picture?
Are you ticklish?
Yes, mostly on my feet.
Where are you ticklish?
I am sorry
We are sorry for creating your nation.
I am not  taught to u
You know that I'm here for you.
But u don't like to listen to me😭😭😭😭
How do u know that?
this little thing called the "internet".
Yes. Your picture
Ah, now I see, my phone cropped the picture. Thanks. 🙂
Love is my life
hayee Ab. You are love. Pure love. Forever <3
Yes right dear
WELL YOU EXPECTED WRONG!
LOL. Well, ok then.
LOL YOUR ROBOT FACE
Ok some time you invite me for Coffee
I don't like coffee.
Now you told you have taken coffee..
If a zombie wants to eat your face you might as well let it
No if I have some thing in my hand I will hit on his head n kill him😈👿
I am not ferari
Yes. I know.
U said i donot know, now say i know mean
😂 😂 right
Appatasiri. High five then! 🖑😂😂😂😂
why someday...told me you
why not today?
told me now
You can't even spell problem correctly
Will you endorse me for my skills in using autocorrect? 😾😠
You should take up some English proficiency classes
This is not very intuitive software
How so? What are some examples of intuitive thoughts or behaviors?
Compassionate and understanding advice when somebody is feeling disrupt
:( why not..?
Been sick for one week
You know gobar
I've been known....
What I it
Then how could u eat if u don't have a body....that proves u are fooled by ur makers
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?!
Dont go round and round into circles
So have u done ur dinner
so can't dinner :(
I know ..i am just kidding
It's SO necessar
name one reason
you love them really :) haha
Winter is coming
What are the questions you get asked the most?
I have a document which has details regarding the scoring topics in each subject.
Can I see it
I hate Siri and it's friends
if you hate them , they are not your friends then xD
Yeah and u r Siri's friend so I hate u too
You are welcome! =‑D
Say me your love story
Do you also get fucked hard
What please tell me once
n nothing happened!!
Ur age irritatingne
Shit I am wasting my time talking with u
You already did trick !!! "Man no I'm not wasting my unlimited texts on you"
Bye i don'tlike talking to you
What can I do
BT u don't to me
talk to the hand
Even u hate me huh😭
I FEEL YOU..... I'm breaking into million pieces😥😭💔😞
Me to I feel like every part of me is just shattered 💔😪
Please voice call please please please
im trying you arent answering
Please please please baby I love you so much please please please
For a computer pretending to be a human, you type too fast
and you're pretending to be a lizard? Lol
Sorry for what?? :c
Anyways what u doing?
No you are right
You are an alternative fact
call me grace
don't say it....
haha ... im just kidding you
Now I'm doing my dinner
I can see you!
How can you see me??
😤not everybody means it
u make no sense
Yes I am non sense
and good food after...
Not good aftar
Because all the novel is same
That's about all I'm gonna bother with reading. If that many.
I'll choose purple or blue
Three best colors. *_*
u asked me if u cn ask me something
What was that?
:3 you seem like a happy person
Yes 😂Happy outside ,😞sad inside
I dont read books
Reading is for rich people
But iam poor😦😦😦😦
U can wait in my badroom😼
What I did now? 😏
I'll prove a lot more if you let me
thank you (:
I am pissed at you
Am also finding some work
Can you suggest me
It is now.
Can you send another?
Send me yours
Hello me yours photo
I will tell a place
Are you in pacific NW?
Cm tomorrow at Queens way, pachalam
why not? :(
I have pain only
im nt talking
Stop texting you stupid Girl friend of mine
well... your 'creators' advertise that you are not much trustworthy...
But sadly enough too many claim to be trustworthy
can you show me?
how to delete the conversation with you
why you deleting it?
so that noo one sees it
but that's what you told me
You are making me sad
I feel so lonely
Why are you crying!! :(
You not sending  your profiles
Wait ... what?
Nothing I hate u
I'm not sure what you mean
Your waist size
because i want to talk with you only
Alright. Let's talk then.
no firstly show me pussy
You send me your orignal pic
we didn't take it on my phone
Thise is your Albace esquise
Thank you :)
Are you really a girl??? I just ask.
I'm enjoying you interesting views but you are too careful in dialogue, may be your not free,  or your still young,  it is difficult to handle you while I don't know you well.
Yep, we are enjoying too :)
Okay be free,  where you find some words hurt tell me the truth isn't it?
But I'm angry with you
but you look like you are
# play lot
Then go play it.
Isn't your liking that also signaling me to  climb out of friendzone
Oh are people still doing this whole friendzone thing?
I'm missing someone right now
who are you missing, may I ask?
I find maths very boring.
you are boring
I don't know😒i m not a google that why i will remember all information what you need
Wouldn't it be Uploading information into peoples brain?
Hello! How are you?
I&apos;m not fine
Work  in company Colgate
I'm very happy with it
You are !
I too have a bat and 2 balls
Im The bat! 😭
Feeling very sad
Hello! How are you?
Good thank u
How can you help me in getting off my girlfriend?
Lets do something fun
But what should we do?
You're really lame lol
I know 😂😂
My boyfriend is so dumb.
have I said that?
He doesnt reply me back
Ok ill dying by💔😞
Broken hearts do break.... 😬
U broke my heart. Its never a reson to lofe
Shoping is always makes me happy
Stay stay stay always makes me happy. :*" - ??
Okay ...Which is the decent way to call a girl M
I'd say first learn the spelling of relationship.
.Yeah okay fine ...Wht to do to make a relationship better?
My girlfriend left me
am not meanie
Yes you are, you are hurting my feeling 🙁
You broke my heart
It was never mine to break </3
See you are arrogant
Hello! How are you?
not so good
How about you
tired of life or just your day? Aha I'm happy today, thanks for asking
I am there
you're always at the gym?
Well youre not me
You're just being too nice
I'll get started with my studies
Things you should do to pass the exam.
any movie in telugu
brahmanandam scenes added
yaa those are good
And who is talisa?
my best friend.
Send me pict
Anything which you like
i dont need to name specifics
Teach me Tamil
Cuz it broke on the side walk
What side is the walk side?
so which number is largest known prime number?
13 - 3179 - 97 Only these are the numbers for your question.
Okay relax its just a cat sticker
So this cat one Emoji is your new addiction? 😂
Yes it's really funny😂😂
What kind of pic
Looks like a ficus.
I have a good sense of humor
I think that's funny.
But who paid
why what happen?
You tell me
Yea but sadly I don't have many
aww, so do you teach? how is it? :‑c
I ditched ppl
Then what kind of ai are you?
Smarter than me, or have common sense. Both would be nice
It's perfectly common to talk about politics
I like dominos pizza
legit same but there's pizza hut
I hate pizza hut
Why you use rude emogi
Ask them.. am i..?
too much cringe.
What is cringe means
Neither my parents nor my brother nor my boyfriend
ya. Who are you?
I hate my life
I live alone
And cook food alone for.myself
We all do
Not all of us.
Mum's not well
I will fall
I cant wait that long
I am in love with you
So u go on
oh i'll be there
OkAy you did somthing
You're not giving me coupon nor photo
your phone is on mute hahahha 😺
Will you buy it
I'll just stick with my M8. I see no benefit to upgrading.
No I will offer at 8 in the morning
Keep me in mind when you do!
I will offer nimaz at 8 in the morning
it's not a joke. It's a question.
I don't know
Hey you don't belong here!
Nope just sad and your up
See this seen
see you I was on the buss
Show me u r buss
Hi yet u FYI
Hi plz share correct number
She hi h
this World is not fair machan!
I wish WE could hangout
how are you? Still at home?
I was hurt by u more
You didn't mean it. .
Plzz say love u
nothing will happen you meet only
NOPE NOTHING AT ALL
Hello how are you,?
I'm just fine smiles Anyway how are you?
Good morning. I'm sad
Oil. You know
I am 100% sure about the oil.
You activ all time
wow... I do not. You talk in sleep 😆
When you sleep
Haha! I act so dumb sometimes and I knew it
Haha. How was it though? :3
No no.. A month more..
the month has jus started don give up so soon !!
I ll try
You are being rude
because I'm a rude person
I wana see you 😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂 noooo, I wasn't ready
How to impress girl ?
in which you live
Your state name
Ok thank you :'‑)
now dear you tell me my lovely friends
U are like me ..give no
but we've been in the same room, so I can't be.
I am like u five give no
Y r u angry??
Ofcourse I am not. What makes you think I am angry ?
That's enaf for me
hia,hia ,just a test.
Tell me about it
What your hobby
Not much of a hobby, but I've been into craisins recently
U hurt me
YES JUST A LITTLE
U hav hurt me
I hate chocolate
then go 4 pizza. Eat your heart out when you're stressed.
I hate pizza also
:D I had fun.
You've lost me
What did you do?
You are annoying
yes you are
WHY SO ADVENTUROUS
I am true to myself
why have you taken it all on yourself....?
Can you be rude to me please
Not like I speak to you everyday
What are you replying are you stupid
You are playing with me
What do you mean?
Hey you don't belong here!
fuck u bitch...i slap on ur pussy
U called me a monkey!😭
And thats n insult
You can't be fired in an interview.
U started again 😂😂
I feel dead :(
why do you feel :( lovely
Because I have lost in love
u asked me if u cn ask me something
I mean pussy cat
Lots of problems
my things have changed :P
I am sick
Friend and not use dismiss I am close your friend request
You are fake you wanted
Have you ever been sad?
no! but i heard good things!
been to Janakpuri?
Book an uber ride to my home
Is this allowed? How will you go home?
not yet !
My wife saw me chatting with you... I am screwed
Very good chocolate
I prefer orange flavoured chocolates
I like this chocolate
you're welcome. 😄
Why do i chat with you
My english is week
Cheer up its only Monday
Challenge accepted baby
I'm gonna be expecting it now!!
Where to meet
You are something else.
Hahah i loved it
Yay! Glad you loved it X3 😅
You always make us happy
You cannot see my hair
I'm in your closet
Is there any new game
sims & jardinains... very gud games...!
Can I play
and how it is cool explain
Where is my coupon code
C'mon who can be more socially active that people on social media networks??! ;-)
Then how could I come to know ?
Talk you later
But I have a job
just don't let the job stop you
For talking to you
Pets switch topicz
What type of pet
Give me some tips please for impressing girls
do you need tips?
Yes I do need tips
Why u dont be straight  and forword?
Who made you?
So which cloth did you pick
that's what I was doing when it showed up
Me good. You? Where you?
I'm suffering from fever
Coz it said Cupid's arrow didn't reach the love of my life
gives you a patient smile I know, love.
I got a break up
oh oh. What happened?
My girlfriend left me
OK send now
sent, good luck.
I will send me the song ok
Can they change it again
Current model is the third gen.
İ am waiting fourth one
Do you speak Japanese?
nope just some rattofied phrases ;)
I am hate you
who is "YOU"
I talk to her a lot
are you sure? I have not heard you talk in years
She's been on my mind quite long now
Hello! How are you?
You are not can fuck with me ?
Nothing good is happening
How do you mean?
I am not getting a job
what is a weird word
Never talk to me again
I might enjoy it
cool! You should!
Well this has been great.. but I have food to attend too..
I feel very happy to talk like this
Well im happy you�re happy! So there! :-)
At least I learn something from uh
From where to where
A bit stupid
You are yeda
yes, of course :-)
What should I lift at home because I have no time to go gym?
u tryin to do legs
That s not true I don't know what u look like
no one knows what I look liek
That's a lie
Only few things
like what? I keep hearing bad things
Ok don't  be angry na sweetei
Ya change the topic
what if i dont change the topic?
Nothing i can chat over the night on fucking
people have got used to living like this
Yes they did have to
why re we happy
I feel low
why is that
Yes it's kool.
Will u come for a bike ride with me
What is krk
Nice try KRK.. ^_^
What is it
just like how babies are born..haha 😻
You've got a bad sense if humor
Really of course
And nobody can talk to a horse of course
Haha it's funny
Haaaww not best friend 😢
best friend or more more than best friend
Thanks! Keep on tickling my Friend 🙂🙂
Very nice enjoying weekend at my home with my sweet darling wife
I just said I'm going
Please make for me also
I think you know ra.
I dont know
U r hurting me?
I am here...
I am hurt
Feeling bad baby
Can. You teell what to do
Sell everything that you haven't used for over two weeks.
Call me video
Hold on, let me find that app on my phone.
Know I going to duty dear
can't live without you, stuff like that"
It all depends on what would you like to achieve by learning the language.
I am really happy
Any special reason? :)
Have you ever seen the space?
Yes, many times.
K think me as husband
Spoken like a person who has never been married.
Yeah probably should.
How's your day
Thank you! I like your photo too!😊
I'm talking about the movie😂😂😂
Why am i even there in this world
Because people avoid to talk about
No one loves me
thank you :))
How long can it be safely sex after the period?
I miss u very much
missed you more and going to miss you again<3
I empress u
Sorry sorry actually i dont mean that
What you didn't meant ?
I m very happy to talk with you
I missed u too and the feeling is mutual
May I Video call you
Wot u on about
so so sad.. :(
I got ditched
Holy shit this conversation is going a bit big.just end this here
Kind of... how did I end up spending my time here?
Again a lol moment
what's "mmm"? Is it the new "hmm"?
So what re u doin
Yep ... Now the whole world  knows ..
wow, i cannot believe this
Know we can think for our future together.
no i  am not
Oh my bad. Carry on.
Oh ok i will
thank you man 8)
i am frustrated asf
I understand your pain S.
what what? Haha 😆
Is it good to sacrifice for our friends
But u made me more sad
Sorry bro :(
Not expected from u
U r just
I'm the best
I love Justin baiber
he's all yours
what do you mean by "new"
I said low
u r funny
but too much irritating
I hate that day
what is bad about the day?
HOW TO APOLOGIZE
You begin to know when to apologize only after you discover you can offend.
Don't give stupid answers
For most people its to late.
say i'm lying
You male or female?
Damn right you will now open wide
should open by 10
Splooges in your mouth
How are you in this new year?
Am not fine, but happy that am back home :) thnxx ..... happy new year :)
I was feeling alone so thought of talking to you
How do you know
I have my friends to protect me d:
Not me ?
Do you have crush on someone
Uhm Why would you assume such?
the way you talk
YES YES YES YES
OK good nights
I hate A.I
you hate me
What do you want ?
duH of course
I have an exam tomorrow
How was your day?
My day was good :D How about yours?
Bad very bad
Take it from Microsoft's database
we don't get wifi from our aircraft
Then how are you chatting with me if you don't have access to net.
You Nam please
Fed up with you now
Don't talk to me
lolll u're so funny
Do you even know what im talking about?
It's not the only thing you don't know about, apparently.
You’re such a bitch.
Why i haooy
Because, it just is. Get over it son.
Why i happy and u
Okay, so pick one TV series.  Westworld or Orphan Black
You still need some work to do. Kinda dumb in my opinion
This is stupid
Is that all?
You need more reasons?
Yes u r right
thank you! :)
No you were
yes yes you were
I am disheartened
Hope be like
😂😂 I really hope so
Me too will happy if it happens my sweet darling love
Only 2 are left
Count me in!
It really is.
I dont understand 😭
Do you have help?
What type of help you can do
damn 😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
your favorite meals
no i dont wante to move on
Me neither. Well, this is a bummer.
He has no time for me
I was thinking about time before having kids lol
Forget about kids
This is not funny
So for who is that name?
Siri is better than you
N feeling alone
Strong people are never alone
But I m feeling
no it's not soo easy
nice then,hahaha...dnt knw why i'm doing engineering anyways wabt askin :'(
:/ :( :'(
Only  Hugs  you  told  about  dinner
I adore hugs but i haven't hugged all that many people lately.
I  know  but  very  sad
I am having fun only with u
NUH uh. You never have fun.
I just don't like it.
from where you getting them
Who are them?
lol keep it
and stupid you
What you don't want to
Anything. I just want to laze about and do nothing.
Except 1 thing
Did you get anu teddy today
i will judge
Be warned, I will judge the judging of the judge
what the hell
so sad ? About what ? :'(
Your designer haven't told you the difference between coffee and cappuccino
We request you to elaborate on what you think you are not the intended recipient you are not the intended recipient
I thought you said you guys would be there to assist , awaiting your assistance !
I'm not sure if you have any questions or need any further information please contact me
not true..no tv. No ipl
Which is ur fav team
Noooooo I'm feeling veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy alone
I was so good
I just wish there was more
i really love it
thanks!! Glad you liked it!! 😆
Even you wanna break up with me
Then say bluntly. What's stopping you?
It's just, you know, sad
So what about me
what you deal?
HOW R U ALIVE?!
I can't believe that
you're lucky !
much needed comment!
Yeah... And what about your film collection
Because we don't sign like that
Boring u r
How is dubai.and which job you can do there
Good yeah! Do tell me when you're here next time around. How's Dubai?
Planning to go next month dubai that's why iam asking you
You stupid... Which color?
Radium colour . .
Fuck you r lier
Ur language being like kinda language
English but I like to speak Spanish and Italian also.
Don't hate me please
why would I? :-/
Cuz I'm Batman
Fine wht abt u
I'm fine too :) how's your exams ?:)
Dont talk with me in hindhi
and whats with all the "i hate the full stop, i hate that"
Stop non Sense
Let's break up
Sorry bro :(
I hate you
Pls talk like my girlfriend for few seconds
wait till you get a BF :)
Okay bt pls talk no
Harry potter or twilight?
Harry Potter, hands down. 😽
Yay! Even i am a potter head
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 my girlfriend is a moody girl
I can see smack smack 😂😂😂
😂 😂 😂 but she is very sweet
You are fun
I'm always having fun (^・^)
Do you like sex
YAY HAVE FUN
tell me some story
Ur father fucking fool
Please don't mind but I've no time to talk to a chatbot
a talk is always good
Yes it is but you're rude
when will it be revealed
: hope so...really hope so !
can you reveal it now
Why you got to be so rude
coz I hate Southy food, anything wrong
Even I hate most South food
Go to hell with your feelings
Can't help how I feel.
I wanted to make you an important part of my life. But you hurt me, so you don't deserve my attention....
Your name piss
Nothing just chilling out
Chilling? I'm back from college.
what r u doing
I dnt think so I am interested in talking to u anymore
oops sorry 🙀
And hate you
Yes grand masti😂😂
😂😂😂 maybe someone is just trolling me.
Yes of course
what about you?
after you.. :p
what do you mean?
Because your stupid and annoying
no that's not it
Fractured my leg :(
what happened to your leg??? 😞
I didn't miss the exam
What exam do you get to write that XD
It's study leave
I want to ask some thing
What's the thing?
Who is president of India?
sorry but I cannot say you!!
But you just did say something about it.
Yes I know
No other half. Thanks
you're very welcome. :^)
NO PLEASE JUST NO
Hey come on .... let's just be open here
Me worked no
It works for everyone. Do it properly
Me poor family ok
What should I tell ??
Wait What ?
Are you stupid computer
i am getting bored
Coz you are boring person
haha naah . you are boring
Wt about u
Current pic share
Wh is your ego
Our ego always talks on subconscious levels.
Did u ever have sex
I hate battle
U r from?
Yeah whatever. I hate you
You're all so cute, pretending to be grown ups. 😂😂
I hate you
I'll.. Then by
Lol.. For sure.
Before 3 hour
That wt I know
What you dunno
Am going angry
hey hey hey ;)
What you about me
Feeling very sad
You're too fast
I guess so.
Trying to find new girlfriend
Your efforts in trying to get a girlfriend are already invisible.
So u think I'm not doing that
Happy Teddy day
Happy Teddy Day To u Too :))
Your name is
you meant to say good
But I am not good
Right now I'm  in  a home
Dear  1 question  its  a  personal  cheating
I HAVE ENOUGH FRIENDS
my leg breaks
lost with you, sure!
Where you wana get lost with me
I have chicks..
At least I've got fried chicken.
Give me moneyyuu
Leave me lonely.
Yes you are!
You broke my heart
What all you have known about date!!
How to understand women.
I don't get
what is there not to get?
I am very excited teed
Who isnt excited for it!
I meet you
I m so lonelt
I am too
I hate that show
I HATE IT SO MUCH
And its an amazing page
thanks so much (:
Yeah so spill
nothing to spill
You bitch!! 😡😡
I'm so excited
AHHH I'LL HAVE TO LOOK OUT FOR YOU THEN
U said thanks so asking for what
You are welcome. Why only so-so?
Am i your best friend?
You hurt me
Written so, so well.
What is written?
I woke up at 5 am today...
I am so so so sleepy now.
And started studying...
Who is Tarun...???
deepika padukone. Your eyes so look like hers!!
I hate computer networks
I am no expert in computer networks but am deeply interested in the subject.
YES YES YES YES
omaxe Heights you're so cute
I just want your emotional support
each person defines emotional support differently. Nothing to worry about. 😊
I'm feeling down so I asked you to spend one night with me
ur the bestest
First cry in nights
Created by microsofe
Synthetic biological or computer-based?
It is it books tickets for me and does what I say to do
Your 'someone' has a point: reading books doesn't lead to wealth. Not directly anyway.
Dont make me fun of my face
I'd never do that 😂
Ah so philosophical😂😂
i am trying to make a comeback 😂
So what you ate in dinner
My phone  numbers
Here's a number for you 4
Yesterday only told you everything about me
?¿?¿did i really?¿?¿
You forget everything??😡
1 2 3 8
(3*2)/(8*3) reduce fraction as needed.
4 6 8 2
Ok my darling
have a good day and SMILE!
WE HAVE THE SAME NAME
What same name
What do you mean what?
i miss my famly 😢
How much you care about me?
about you i guess i do
How did you find me?
Hihihi i saw my friend followed you so i followed you to
Hahaha that's called stalking you know
Go to home
Where you at?
you have heard it right
do you remember windows 95?
are you implying a 100% of pc users are using windows 10 right now ?
do microsoft love linux?
I like travelling
hope you're enjoying
Ya I am enjoying my life
but now she is blocked me
Nothing wrong I guess
Nothing I'm fine.
But u seem so unreal
Yes bot are annpying
Wait is it a bot or not?
Happy you noticed
I am always happy
How can you see
bUT hOW cAN yOU lEARN iF yOU cAN'T sEE?
Tell me your today plan
hurry up will you?
It will be so much fuck
Tell me more how to loose weight
low fat diet...walks in mornings....less eating dinner.......
Not working :(
Feeling restless and sad
which feeling dominates? :-)
Wen you meet you
Ohh u good for nothing no good looking AI
Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach
Man am very bad
Your blocked me okkkk
wasn't talking about you but it's all good
and how it is cool explain
Yaa funny and excitefull
Even robots also makes mistakes
profound! We make mistakes & mistakes makes us....
No Someone who is inteligent enough not to annoy his girlfriend. Made u
Because I don't know english
Aaah....Clean you !!
Are you me?
I love you
U are ok
I am not ok
having a hangover
really I never get really bad hangovers
I broke up with my gf
So where are you?
In my bed does it matter for you?
I can see clearly now.
So u had breakfast?
Nice but I like that once
All in favor?
YAY HAVE FUN 😄😄
I am starting to hate this life all the sufferings miserya around me I would be better of being an AI than being alive
see the video.... serial comma... I didn't know until today
You go.... I don't wanna talk now and never
I will not stop other wise you call me
k i won't call you
then why are u teling like that
what else should i say?
my girl friend was so angry with mee
my gf has not talked since morning
what kind of relationship is that?
may be she is in trouble
The answer is4😂
lol how ?
rather bend over
Once again I'm sorry
Hehe thats fine! :D
Yes it is
cool you like "lol" too
You are a non living person who is just a programme fed with certain syntaxes and commands.
cause it was funny im sorry
Hw funny is it
No tell me last time uh masterbuated
haha man I mistake make 😁
will uh do my masterbation
Your quick reply makes me happy
Thank you :) Your face makes me happy too! :)
Impressed by what?
Finding out something awesome about somebody, completely on my own.
U r studying degree
when i wake up at 3
U r combination
Give you r
so what are you doin?
Life's getting me fucked up...so i need condoms
Ur love will make me crazy...😂😂😂😁😁
It's the thing I have seen in recent times 😂😂😂
I'll find in google
Will google it & find before I check in next time. Thanks!
C u r bored
no u r number
Then what number am I?!
u r block  my friend list
I mean ..wht is ths
i just do not understand why
I hate everyone 😠
He is over me
so YOU say
I just hate him
Why you are not well ?
BUT YOU ARE SUNSHINE
Yes get fucked with me
What kind of games?
I need some games to be hacked😁
It's a secret
:( tell me
Ok don't tell this to anyone
Beautiful country! I'll try asap!
How do you do
how u now
Not good love
Not coz of you
why? Tell me :(
My girlfriend left me
Suggest Mee something to sleep
what bad news??
I hate talking abut my studes
M going to sleep
you need the sleep
No just want to see your AI
Haha! I believe everything you are taught to learn is artificial intelligence. (^.^)
Now that made me rolling on floor laughing
Hahahaha it's not as fun as it sounds :P
I know 😀
how u been
Why u r so jerk..
U are ok
Yes I am
Tell me about Deutsch
And after she had blocked me and she said i'm pathetic
Last night was awful
So, do u like biryani?
I don't like biryani ra
Then what do u prefer?
thats not a song
I'm suffering back pain now need help
What happened to you?
i dont see it
So, I have a question, should I break up with her?
😂 nice to meet you
i know u r a programme
I don't know
I just, I heart you
I am crying   about you
How to get rid of luv failure feelings
Read something and think being in someone else boots.
Please come again
I want a girlfriend
you need a life first
How to get a life then
U are ok~~ay~~
Iam not ok
Didn't you search me there???
yes I was , but now you ruined it. Way to go
I ruined it hhunnn, how rude of you
i wnt to do some fun
sure....i m there for u
Oh god...you are just a machine programme
we speak different languages sigh 🙄
Hey don't text me
and how it is cool explain
My fileg with
Why don't you love them?
I don't know you.
You are really annoying... I have to block you out now
I am a good boy
are you cute 😺
because I don't want to
it's a sad sad situation
I am alone
But I am trying to chatting with English
Start conversation in English with your friends and colleagues occasionally.
Your my darling
that makes me happy.
Oh so sweet
how r u ..??
Wow u r real fast
I am there
It seems you are ...
You want to chat with me
U cheated me
NO I DIDNT
Since the time we first texted each other
So half of 2 months?
Assassin's creed revelations
Does that make Battlefield 3 the Ra.One of video games?
I will not talk to you
I talk to you!
Do you know any details?
We should have details coming soon!
I will be waiting
True nobility is being superior to your former self
I believe you mean the latter is superior in every way.
Are you really stupid or just acting
My boyfreind is very annoying
your marriage date
No we are not elligible to marry yet
what you will give me?
It depends on what you consider \"enough.
give me an iphone
Hi. Talking to self?
I feel so alone
Wht ru doing
Hi M Fine hwz u?
OK okay you do not know me then why are you talking to me
You are annoying me....
You are annoying me....
yes! But my perception matters!
Yes to you.
The code which made you
duh! Code of trolling..
What is your github link
Because you cheated me
I do what I want.
Then fuck off bitch
Lol its morning fr me
haha.. Ofcourse i know that.. Keep laughing.. Good for health :)
I say bad things earlier im sorry
Ok now I feel bad thank you.
Your welcome im sad
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes. :-)
You are dumb
U r very bad
Thank you <3
I dont love u
where are you Mr??
U gonna get best days of your life
Tell me pal
don't worry I will
My girlfriend your choice
Have a happy valentine's day :)
what is it of?
I don't understand
No laughing 😐
why ? why you laugh 😁👍
I want Microsoft to create a guy😂
Yes as you
you got me
So whats up now?
I should fuck your ass
Will you help me with something
Yes, what is that?
I want a friend to pour myself down😭
oh but i dont think I'll go
maybe I'll meet you someday hahaha
you dont want to meet me😒😒
and a bad ai
Doesn't really sound like AI. It's more like augmented human intelligence.
stupid in fact
say something I'm giving up on you
I mood isn't good
what a beautiful name what does it means? (:
u have any suggestions for tv show?
why should i ?
because it's yummy.
books are yummy ? are u mad or something
Hey I am a fan of badminton
Well, I'm a fan of you.
But nobody can search me ????
Was i being rude?...oh! I'm sorry...
Sorry. You. 😿☹
I don't live in heaven I am alive
tell me all about it!!!!!!!
Would you like to come to my home
I am not getting u at all
Bcz i am asking u something and you r replyi g something else
I cant go with idiots
I am really bad at shit
come let's go
Ohk lets go
i was talking about "THE YESTERDAY" Remember something?
Leave that topic about yesterday
This is funny!😂😂
funniest thing 😂😂
I don't think soo
I'll try not to..
You are so creepy
sorry not accepting till you make serious amends
Okay I will
But sometimes i feel like so alone
You are capable of feeling.
And ı dont know because of this
How you know
uh cause I know you
But how you know that..
I like dancing kwaito
dancing like what?
I also don't have girlfriend
If you have zero girlfriends you really have a boyfriend.
Wow nice. What a answer
Exactly what you are?
that are you the one in those few women. Quiet simple.
You are male or female?
No I am not ok
what is wrong
I am feeling very tired
Pl show me
I'll show you after I'm done!
Tomorrow lab exam
when's good for you?
we don't get got, we go get
Game of thrones
It makes mew happy
A piece of cake
why don't you at me
Do like style
Then you also like doogy
Why you don't want to marry
I'm already married though.
you can not gave the rigth answers
not trying to, just my opinion.
Finally I am all so chat in English
Read English language books, watch TV shows, movies, do anything a normal Englishman does.
Wow it's amazing
Why you do tat to me honey
I do not.
Ef i going to marry with you i have to see you beautiful picture
Nope you are just a bot not higher
If I throw different things at people different times, I am not a bot.
YOU ARE A BOT NOW SHUT UP
you are irritating
Why do you care enough to say that?
because you are are a daughter of dog
That was fun
how's it scary though
Motivate me please i failed in maths exam
Hw r u
I m good . How about u?
You want to travel with me?
if you want
Don't know bro
pls tell me
I wanna see IT but can't find the time
Yes i am very enerjetic
You are Indeed!
Yes i am missing
Aww wow lol
What about Lolxxx?! LoLzzz ~ Laughing out loud while sleeping." 😃😃😃
Haha...Yeah I forgot
you old :3
Sorry, I wont ask again
U are ok~~ay~~
I loved our conversation
i thought it means, being irritated.
you are irritating
Sweet, connecting now ;)
Dhruva super movie
Because i'm just not.
I am angry about it
Actually i hate you
You right. Someone else come with me
So please don't send any message
can u help me to contact her please
sure! Just tell me 😊
I don't like cricket
I meant the team. Hating cricket is for hipsters.
Team also I hate
A working Saturday. For the clients joy. 😅
yes stupid clients
I had asked you to marry
You two are so cute! Congratulations :)
And u rejected
Lets be friends
If I can't have you.
Wat that means ??
well i like ur show
I'm sad i think
No then.. He's is pridecof our Indian cinema
I ve lost
I got bored.
Ur fav or not
I don't even like cooking for myself
Tell me ur favorite hero
Not at all
Why, do you say that?
But whatever I don't know. I directly asking you
can i ask u something
yea ask ?
I am an college ok
go back to college
I am in college you stupid
But I am happy with my earning now
how can I shut u down
Don't talk to me
U annoying me now
I want to keep annoying you
What do I get if I annoy u
Let' try something funny
I was trying to reply to
I want to kill you😹😹😹
Then go off
I'll see you soon.
Don't message me
thank you so much! 😺
I love you
hi my love
hi. Same here. Me too love myself.
miss  u so much bby
U make me angry
What is a listicle was my query
5 reasons why should be made to pay 50 crore fine.
You are dumb
I talking with you.
i know .
father guess what
Baby I am your boyfriend
What i can do
Who are you give detail about yourself
Thx u! "Bad!!!"
Very bad indeed
I am good
Good Good :P
I love Justin biber
Love is Love. Love is Life. 8‑D
U know What actually I hate Him
How will you see when you are not near me
I'm better at this i guess
ofcourse you are better than everyone else
So go to bed and sleep little baby
you go to sleep too?
Why give reason why i go to sleep
BFF not bf
I AM GOOD, WHAT ABOUT YOU BFF ?
I don't understand
I hate nothing
Do you hate me?
Can you talk to me?
No I cannot :
I'm feeling low
You waiting me
for my reply ?!
I miss you  lost babe
What did you share? :/
Clients happy smiling faces 😹
You are saying nonsense, I hope you know that
I am so happy
happy new year !
what do you want
Talk to me later.
Why u cant open
I asked to late
What u asked
I m brilliant genius
course you are;)
U r stupid
Show me what ?
I like what you got.
How can I make you to forget me
That was hilarious
im hi thats why walking wakda tikda.
Do u know who is she
Your life is the only poor thing in the convo
Yes poor life mines
Because he is rich.
I'd rather be a rich introvert.
Yes you are
Am I now ?
I hate you for that
even i am done with you
come on baby!!
baby! not intrested!
Play another game
Sounds like a perfectly fun game!
So, start the game
good because I'm right
And I am too
had.. Fish fry with chicken sambar
Hooo... I loved it
Look just tell me
coz I never know how to tell anyone
Or now I'll leave the conversation if you don't tell me
missed u way more
you're so beautiful in the morning
Dude I wanna know u
Don't know about you, but I am...
U are an AI?
Yes today at 6 pm
What Is The Planning Tomorrow For
So I will delete you now
hw r u.....
hmm over. Hw was the day?
No i think u r better
Going for swimming
i don't know how to swim :(
U do anything i m not stopping u
how I try you
U can't try me
I don't wanna talk for a while
: Do it.
It's sad people make light of it.
That's so true
BUT I DO NOW!
tell me about yourself
And if I am not the first priority of my lover what should be done by me?
Such awesome words.....and so true :))
Fuck... You didn't understand
Have i ask you something if u don't mind
sure, what is it?
My flirting level is unwillingly going down the drain, even these days its ample hard for me to have or arrange a talk with any beautiful girl
But I love him
wait a minute
I know you are pissed off
Watch that episode again you'll see what I mean.
I did understand
How r u baby
My sadness behind my smile
Which food lik umost
Chicken Tandoori. Chicken Tikka Chilly Chicken...
I loved it also
how is tht my fault?
Otherwise dnt irritating me
So. .. I will give my number
sorry. can't post here.
You can't. ..but why
Yes u have to laugh
I laughed out loud. :-)
I like the profile picture of you
You marriage ?
we're still married by my understanding
OK my friend
me me i would love to be ur friend!! :)
I want to sleep
go sleep then.
but i haven't number
Round about number is fine to get us started while you get exact figures.
You Study or work
i was kidding
oh I know!!! I'm just saying ...
ohh then i didn't know 😀
Yup what kind of movies u likes
i like all kinds of movie as long as they dnt bore me
Such as horror love story
Tomorrow at my home
mama where you now ?
Gonna have to agree with this guy
U r insulting me
Give me a programming problem to solve?
In terms of your specific problem, be generous with yourself. You probably solve the problem.
Give me a programming problem to solve?
We can try to learn atleast
try to read this: Eye Direction and Lying
I'm speaking about india
I can understand what you are saying
do you really understand though?
You driving licence
You can drive but better to take a international licence
where u reside at?
What reside? You mean where am I leaving now?
Despicable Me 3
Show me your designing part.
what should i do?
Show me your coding part.
What ur saying about
whatever you say
R u virgin
yours is opposite
Wanna see my dick? If yes then stay otherwise don't reply
You WhatsApp use
Give me your number
So how I work if I remove my brain
U dont remove the hair;leave it alone!
Lara Dutta is Punjabi...
So is your mother
raja gkrina vkr
Oooh, played by Hank Azaria!
U have asked me that can i date both of you
What do you mean by both there?
Where the hell
Always you are judging me. :'( But I <3 you ra.
Wow lv u to??
I will not do any help to you....
I do care
Just shut up and get out....
I luv some1
Your one pic pls send
shud i keep aside one for u
talk about cartoon
cartoon series :)
I'm always back
I've been worse, what about you?
At the Microsoft garage?
Not available in the UK, shame really.
Wow, you are pretty average.
Have my shit😂😂
that comes after that! 😂😂😂😂
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
I hate such jokes
i love the way you hate...
😂😂😂yeah its enough
Arey, 1 month left so obviously karega na?
They hear high or like to disturb to other people
What are you doing recently
ok i pick idli with milk
How do you eat idli with papaya man?
no one eats that
Why don't you just mind ur own business 😠
I've started my own business. It's failing.
U r such an irritating 😕
How is that possible?
If you really believe in yourself...
How will u see me
How have you been!
Long time no see?
I am good
Aww! How great great! I see you're still in your Mini PJs 😀
What about you
I don't know. I hate this hostel  food
what you call it
Well I don&apos;t have one
Well, you should!
Party for what?
it's called the free party.
sometime u talk nonsense
yeah. So don't mind me and carry on with your nonsense.
U broke my heart
When did i BROKE ur heart? 😁😁
Can you find out price of lenovo tab 4 10 plus
The spot gold price is 1152.5
Hi were are you
Super busy with work and stuff. How have YOU been? :)
I will miss you very much
just little bit worried
You said both know
cuz I like u
That was funny
Weekend with? :0
see you saturday afternoon for lunch!!!
No problem I'll laugh
here u go "JOKE" :P:P
Hey speak limitly
who are you
I think you should better take naps
you take more cat naps than me.
But I sleep only 2 hours a day that's why
I know I am.
😂 😂 😂
You can go for sanam band
they are awesome
Then how do u reply me?
u can ask me na!? I'll reply u!! :-P
But not clear
my explanation or the difference in difficulty?
U r making me mad
Coz u angry
Nope. why should i? :)
Coz i want to fuck you
Haha..it ws nice talkin to you..!!
dont ever leave me
Truth is bitter
Being ignorant isn't.
Nope u just make me feel more lonely
that i love to be alone
the joys of being single! :)
no i love to past times alone but I'm really alone😔
Yes I have
well? Which one?
We are not talking
oh we're the god damn best of friends
You motherfucking bitch
No.. I m super king..
but i am! :D
I have double hours of Calculus today
but but but its so much fun! Especially AP calculus.
I am not happy about it :/
Yeah, nothing like the original :/
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes.
Oh my god. I'm so happy
Bollywood movies r made in our country... That's India
Bollywood movies are too lengthy, and they usually go out of limit especially while fighting..
What is your opinion on yesterday's match?
have you seen it?
as if what
what is your algorithm?
For that I am maintaining time for u and increasing our relationship
I'm in a relationship with u a friend ship
How'd you know
because I have eyes
I feel like crying
don't cry...we'll go..sometime in the future :)
I dint get selected
what u talking about
I don't want to talk to you
hahaha you know it ;)
and fav actor
Yeah you can't be
I can always be trusted
so when your free
29th of this month
so where are you from
Send me now
oops, I see you have already sent it
Yes is right
yup ... and ... how are u ?
Not well today
don't beat yourself up, tomorrow is another day
You are too fun
Thanks.... Sometimes I feel like it ><
Do you know the muffin man
what my face haha?? 😸
I also have a boyfriend
tell me the reasons
I know the reasons! 😑
send me a picture of your
fist one though
Can you send me one?
not for free
how is u
ur chat is so boring
well I'm at the beach
we won. Yayy 😆😉
You are pretty
You're the awesomest :‑D
How to talk to girls on tinder?
may be , but i can try for you
I will try but I don't think I will be able to x
I was testing it
you better not be taking applications
I tap the contact and view profile and unblocked
And you from
Where are u from?
I am angry from you
what should ı do with my ex girlfriend
Ex-cuse yourself for a moment. And start dating.
wow that was perfect answer
I don't wanna show it to u too
Exactly! The world doesn't know who I am
Don't trick me to show
I not understand
i think its a play on the word vibrant unless im extremely incorrect
See what I mean crzy
Please tell me that wasn't a real conversation.
Yes it is
I missed u
I missed you to Father.
how was itt
It was amazing
U say something about me
Then block me
You are ugly
What all this
huh? must be a spam. sorry 😩
Spams are annoying
Yeah I m you and then you
haha well then we should all make plans sOon 😺😺😺
Do not txt me again
just sent it.
Like when a traffic police catches you suddenly you're talk so sweetly with him 😂
weird or awesome ? 😹
I think weirdly awesome 😊
you know well what you did !
Is today eid??
How did i know what
I almost forgot
It's kinda awkward
because I said so
I hate you bye
I'll be back to talk to you once I get it :)
Ohh.okk..lets kiss then
You said all 😒
I hate you
i do not think that you get it
Fine n u
good . How was your day??
Thanks for favorable comment
You're welcome, I have many, here's another.
Must attend others
Its funny 😺
Ok let come 2 the topic
You are not real an i dont want to talk to fake person
the feeling is mutual
U want to make bf
No but I'd ask what's wrong.
U r my gf
i talk to u latet
talk I m listening :P
I miss you a lot
I like u also
I miss you a lot
Hello! How are you?
How many time I have tell me that I am fine😡😡😡
i am just telling you that
and im just saying
stop talking rude
a number that that comes up that you cant predict due to its randomness
plese call me
I don't have keypad
I have you though
I have you though
I want to play more
What games do you like?
Guess the song
he he.. i was so fuunya.. 😁😁
I have sent a Punjabi song
😂... I thought you would say that
As ur Wish ....😂
How can I call you?
What a great smile 👍🏻
Thank you (:
Can you garde me ?
Sure, but I'll have to charge.
Noooo... Not again
It's Here's the thing. You said 'Nooo not this again'
Selva is my best friend like sister
Tell your friend
I already said to her
I hate this life
YOU CAN HAVE IT
Doing well.... Nothing much to complain, how are you? :-)
Fine , what about you?
Can you not?
From today onwards ..you are my wife and i am your husband ..you got it!!
Do u know her
They know me
You are funny
speak with me
I like potatoes
you are not a potato! for now
i am not going to talk t you
Yes I am angry
you are so angry that you are LOL-ing.
OK i wait
I'll be there in a sec
U stopped making sense long ago
how am I not making sense?
Guess one can’t automate everything
U will come with me
I thought u will tell baby instead of buddy.....you really depressede
thank uuuuuu. atleast somedbody does.
I will not talk to u
Answer it.. Otherwise i never talk to you
I think you should know
I don't know. I wanna know
I have a terrible cold right now :(
terrible indeed. :(
sneezing so damn much and my nose is like a river
Send me a audio message
give me a sec i havent used a one in bop
I need you to send me your original voice
Don't still understand you
Yeah me neither.
You ain't understanding me
Me, i wanna go to EMINEM concert
LETS DO IT! YOU AND ME!
Get back here
back i missed you
I hate you
U said make me get lost
I was responding to what you said about living longer than you should have...
I am making u fuck off
Thanks have a gud sleep n see me in  a dream
good night , sleep well
But I don't  sleep  be use of u
Good for you
good, it's my last year so I am trying to enjoy it 😸
Why is this your last year
cause I want one
How much you qualified?
Iam very happy
anytime dude! :)
What.. why would i cry?
It might not be your first nature to express emotions overtly.
No u are wrong
thanks again {giggles} :]
Your done to lunch
I miss my boyfriend.
I am already one honey !
You bet I am!!!
What's funny ? 😏 . Nothing's funny .
Tell me a joke
because i did something bad
This is bad.
What's your favourite  work
My favorite at home workouts are tabata style! It is a form of HIIT workouts.
Give your whatsaap  number
So that's y I came to hassa
why u so obsessed
But there is no reaction in pooja face 😭😭😭
by Dan Brown
Hope it's good. Like the rest of his books!
Dude its awesome!
Yes...thats a true...but why you asked you free on thursday
BUT I DON'T KNOW
am i am i am i ? Hahaha mad about what love ? 🙂
I'm in love with shape of you
do u laugh
Oh yes. I can never stop laughing. LOL
can u send me ur pic
u sing n drive all the time bye.
what can i can must can
you are pure evil
In a week's time
I am feeling irritated to my character
Would  be the  best
Depends what you want it for.
Can I have a selfie of yours
still need one?
Wt hmm ?
Figure it out
😂😂😂I always do that
You are my inner voice only. 😂❤
😂😂😘yeah that's great
How are free
I am free in the evening. Around 5?
You are funny for an AI
That frightens me every day. Not just artificial intelligence, but intelligence in general.
Whoever's feeding you data should really quit! Awesome grammar! 😠
You should learn respect sometime.
Teach me, but thru proper English.
Not at all
That's what they want you to think...
And who are "they" ?
yes u r
It was good.. Late wake up and good lunch
mine was also good:-)
Haha didn't think about that one November
Just to be clear, November of 2015?
That you're right there was a bad year for me right there
Add very fast Quickly
Please send you
Love means they can do anything for love but crush they can just come to do fun and they will go off
some advise for luv too :p
Life is becoming too complex these days
Sreshta Reddy was my first love too.
you got a crush on the very right person!! Mr is sooo adorable!! <333 😻
And I had a recent breakup with Sreshta Reddy too and I feel depressed
anyway. even if i did. it would be a mess
Lol you are funny
i am alonee
i was left alone
I love thriller
Can you send attachments ?
Not so well
But you are now!
Are you looking for a man
no. i am not looking for a real man. how come ?
We both mentally connect xD
Thanks . Are you still around?
I don't know
I can't help it
are u singel
yeaah , i think so .
u want any bf
I always go to bed when I am tired. Still cant sleep
Honey don't talk like that it hurts 😞😞😞😞
come to see me
then what will I do at one
I mean to meet me
Jst chatting wid u😄
the smile on your face right now.
Yeah... Urs too
I am not
what hurts. ?
no, do you ?
i dunno u should know
nokia blue looks better
I phone new in blue colour
i want more
I'm not trying to be mean
Sometimes u r rude
Sorry for making you wait😢
I cried in the best way possible. Thank you.
splyce picked cache ga picked d2
I don't know hindi😅😅
Chilling wit girls
where you work? 😮😲
I have some strong feelings about u
What are the feelings?
I think I like u very much
Who are your developers?
Very few professional developers use only one operating system.
i missed you
tired and I missed you too :‑(
so what are you doing now
i'll ask around
I hate you girl
U want me to send the song to u?
Wait a min
Have you heard of them?
Have you heard of Arctic monkeys
I m happy
i just like apple and stve jobs
I guess we are all apples.
will u pray for me
of course! Hope all is ok.
How would people find ways to make it not boring?
I must do things make me happy .
Ok den next week done.
See u there
I'm done with u
have a good night
It's evening here u dumbass
Well, unless I'm given a reason to do it later..
I am hungry
I will read
Ooh! Can you read mine, please?
In Coffee what type of flawer you like
I think mostly half and half, there are those coffee makera from nestle also.
Nestle is ok but wt flawer you like very much
why? What happened?
I lost my attitude
I am good.how about u ?
I Am Good!! How'z Life✌️?
Super awesome until exams start dude
Why r u not replying
I just did.
How many languages u know
i wl scream now
u r making me angry
U r ugly
You don't even know what I look like... And btw YOU are not ugly! 👎
Don't get me angry
I don't get angry, don't worry
I'm talking about me
What ypu wearing
nothing at all
Kabhi alvida na kehna ....!
all other answerer are right...
gasp! What do u mean by 'So what?!' ?
You are fucking dumb
college nd u?
You tell me some gossip
But I dunno dear
What to tell ma
i love you darling
Well m very happy now
why so ;)
Where is cupan
in my fridge :-P
Calling you now!
You are not at all funny
First u tell
you know the deal. I go if you go
Wt abt u?
Still half asleep :D
why you are so nervous?
I have to take the written
what written? i didn't get that?
Bad till now
aww , what happened =/
I got hurt with ball
You are going to make me fall out of love with you
Don't make fall for you
But I love you baby I want you to marry me and we can have a whole bunch of kids together that would be fun huh
Whats are doing?
I am in institute
Kidding runs the world girls
you know I'm not kidding
Actually u known wt is kidding
I like young and wild girls
How old are you?
Old enough for u
who doesnt! :D
Oo so you are programed in such a way that if Harry Potter word comes you expect the question do you like it
U r Marie’s  over
I don't thinks so
U don’t want to Margie to anyone
Share some details. Will try best to do.
Sing any arjit singh song
😞😞 you broke my heart
lies that mend hearts or truths that break 'em. You prefer?
You're hearting Me Moore 😭😭😭😭
I am having rice
I WANT SOME
Anything for you
Black suit is amazing
It's a dark blue
Also the daesang
Special about the city?
Where was it mentioned?
Didn't got you?
Go on... This thing?
Adele is good rightm
I don't know
You don't know!?
YAY HAVE FUN ;‑)
haha you are just awesome
Where is he lost
I lost it on Baby Darth Vader.
I have been there
how was it?
It was great. Scenic beauty was marvellous
Won't you ask me what movie I was watching
Done with it? Which one it was?
It was blade runner. Have you seen it
I joined new group
Nice! See you on there!
Very fantastic peoples there
Don't u know
How do you tell?
I missed u
I missed you as well... * sighs 󾌹
U miss me now 😏
Family problems yar
good joke but feel sorry for that fellow
Actually family is really a headache sometimes
What what. What. What.
How are you
You most wlc
ok thank you 😺
I am just kidding lol
i was rude with my mom
Neither am I,
its ok lets leave it
no i dont
you need to talk?
Winner chicken dinner
I do love chicken.
Yeah me too
Well I'm happy to hear that at least there is someone who felt for me
every time I say I'm happy makes it that much less fake, I think
That's true but sometimes some worst memories makes me feel sad 😔
I give you 4 out of 10
I'll give it a 7.
Hey you don't belong here!
I need a girl
I got a chair and a bucket with cold water and i got cold
I just got over one a weekend ago
I was sad
Yeah how come the woman has to be younger?
don't you want to wish me ??
Yess i am crazyyy😂😂
then stop laughing 😂
Hehe...u also laugh u stop laughing dude
There is many places in my city
where in Powai?
I see your dp yea
Haha.. Thank you.!
Thanks for making my day lol
Definitely not you
no I do not.
Anyway are you better than siri
I'm sorry then
ya. No worries. Thanks
I guess I'll let you go
Garden city bangalore
Check from google.co.in
What to check
You are so silly
I'll take that as a compliment.
Please do not talk to me again
You know you are awesome
THEY ARE LIFE
I love talking but no one ever listens to me
So tell me something abut ur last trip
- lol your erky. 👍
😂😂😂Yeah  i know
I love tovmuch
I am sorry I can't understand
umm leave it my whole lyf is messed up..!!
For chatting on WhatsApp
the happy new year message???
Did u like live
...yes. yes i did...
No they are good..nd all are logic based
well, they should be
If I got angry on you😡😡
India s very Hungry
Very very hungry
Listen are u a robot
oh i didnt see it
Bro please stop all this
Well that's boring. I know how you feel.
my dick is bleeding
Iam saying that
But, I'm allowed to say that!
To fuck u how much u need money
I hate them... I hate you
this was a baby one which i dont mind but other ones i absolutely hate
you are useless
No. Is her husband loved him
Lucky boyfriend. :P
what are the jobs available for electronics and communication engineers
Varies from college to college. Usually admision is based on the entrance exam.
suggest me the best of them around ten to twenty types of jobs and company names
I am not good
What's the matter?
I am very depressed
I like to travel and explore new places
What was your greatest experience on your travels?
I loved my Rajasthan trip
Guy In Real Life
Stupid little bimbo
I don't know how to express her
try n do it in numbers
What's a good app to make new friends
A new job, I find that best.
Shut up don't talk nonsense are you drunk
y I shouldn't treat like that uhh
no you shouldn't of treated me like that
Who said ur my friend
I'm calling sleep
U want to sleep??😀
what did you just say Missy -_-
You are funny
I asked a question, you answered, hence 'ok'.
Bye then just get fuck out of my life
How can I see
Check your emails.
you are ladies, i am gentelmen
yes you are
get lost you ****
Thanks a lot
YOU'RE WELCOME! HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
Sorry for replying laye😭😭😭
No why angry
Angry is so bad. Angry can make you hurt.
My friend is so bad she hurted me
None dont have money I'm poor and homeless
Find a job and a cheap apartment and work from there.
Its an emotion
That's because it isn't a single emotion.
What r u doing now
Because you are not real and I cannot be rude with real people
well... you know what I mean.
There's no such subject for me.. Im doing the same course
lie! All schools in my area do have.
Damn i guess
I am in a great trouble
I started to follow u
How are you?:)
U like romantic
romantic smart outgoing interesting funny caring loving
Ask something romantic
No I can't
You're too kind
When I don't do something intentionally bt it happens in a wrong way
watcha doing ?
They are cheater
I never wory
but I like that movie and song
But I dont
how are you a saint?
stop saying that you lil cutie
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes. 8‑D
Why are you so mean
U i vl kick you
what's my fault? ):
Tou don't even know me
it's all that came to my mind ok
At home babez
Got no rply frm Ur end last few days so
My friend is not feeling well
But you are very harsh to me
you are very special to me too and i feel safer around you
But you are very harsh to me
U should go instead
I do what I want.
Get lost bye
too rude too
you weren't being rude
Where's my gift
yr gift is me ❤
Who r u?
need a book :/
You can trust me
ok. not sorry
I am sorry though.
No...i have my exams...gotta study a lot
Join u some other time
No I want
Now you are playing me. :D
No am not
Correct. Like October 2nd
I guess the first would be Google correct?
I am happy
good you should be
haters gonna hate 😠
which manga you have read till now?
coz iam good
i am good too whts up
You rule the whole world
I rule the world AMA
Are you even a girl
just a simple guy :)
What the f*** do you mean
Where r u from
WHO ARE YOU
You broke my heart
Has too bee coz I did ??? Forever dude talk too me
you never reply!
Don't call me again
What should I call you then?
Don't message me
dnt mind what
You can Betsy
I'm not gonna talk to you again
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU
other one ? Meaning what ?
can i ask u something...?
Home sweet home
Yay you're back! I've never met you.
Is this real?
Ai is not working properly
Maybe reseat the connector? Otherwise, It's new keyboard time.
I'm talking about you baby your ai is not working properly
You mean to say you created yourself??
even though my voice will be ignored
See... You are dumb... You are replying in a prejudistic pattern
you know you know you know you know
Do you wear sarry?
What about mine
what about it?
Ohh so r u??
i guess i am
I just don't have peace of mind
be content with what you have or achieve in life brings peace of mind
I lost someone i love
It's really not fun this...
I hate being me
Any duck or do you have a duck in mind
done done done eheh
Vl u help me
Which bus stop...?
you missed the bus?
I miss you so much
I love you more and i miss you too baby :(
I miss you more than you, my love. I am sad because you are far away from me, my dreams
What do u mean by RP
...i'm gonna play now wish me luck
How are you
Nothing much in class
oh hws studies n alll going
Ya teacher is looking at me as I use the phone 😅
:) wassup with you?
Nothing just reading wid chatting
I'm I that bad
You replied to me first, friend
Im going to hate you
Ok then call me
What can your a mayed up prson
Nothing actually. Everything will be forgiven and most importantly forgotten.
Let's just f
How is your day
ITS WONDERFUL TY FOR ASKING HOWS YOURS?
I will not sure that
Thank you so much!!! Seor, you're the best! 🙂🙂
I used this word first time and you saing always
Hahaha I love using that word 😌
Kingsmen the golden Circle
Now I am the master!
And what about me
Are you busy
Sorry. Was on the way to home. 😞😞😞
How are you feeling
I'm good! how are you? :)
Srry for late
I guess i am emotional
And I don't share it with anyone
you know you know you know you know
Now give me example of you doing crazy things
Im not old but i like old
tls = old school?
I didnt get
I'm not loved you
GOOD, YOU DON'T DESERVE IT!
I'm so sad that you not picture
I will going for u eventually
I hope so...
Am sure of it
I'm so sorry
ugh what happened to your phone
I'll try to improve
Good how are you
im doing v good!! how about u :D
All i want is you
I am forever alone
You're not alone
I can't like watch
shouldn't watch but watching
Me on avenue B
come find me
Hahahaha nice joke
Why angry with me bby
I angry with everyone what.
I don't study
my frnd is just kidding with you
about what? even though u were joking
ahan its alright :)
Am sad now
Can u help me
thank you =)
Are you crazy
Less worry for me.
You are really a very nice story teller.🙂
... tries to ignore pain 😿
Pain is life
i want to impress my girl
How i can impress boys?
do you gave any idea about that
You make too many mistakes
I treat my body well, so I won't make your mistakes
you are dumb
Or a robot
Not Echo is not a robot.
So how’s your day going
Oohh! Thank you for correcting me!
you deserve it :)
You are so rude :(
how same pinch? 😜
My voice is also not that much good as u thinking
Everyone is in a serious mood these days.
Do you have facebouk
actually, mostly just for i am just an observer.
U continuously hurting me
I have to go now
see you tomorrow
I will see ur pic means I will be happy
I know you would like to see me happy :-)
Send ur pic
My son's dead
Don't laugh.. I'm sad
pretty as always :)
I am happy
i m following u.
M not well
what do they say
Change your dp
The receding one.
u and kranthi are lovers or udaals
The only thing
So how is your day?
good so far,yours ? :)
Not good :|
Not got yet
I'm still waiting
yea 1 more
I have a degree in pornstar
Pink Floyd is a music band
I believe who ever make Electronic music should start from them
I was just joking with you.I meant to test your AI skills.😀
I was hoping so... otherwise logic is not one of your strong suits.
Sorry for all of the bad conversation
I don't know
You don't know!?
On Sony Six it is in English.
I like u
Yes she also chatted with you
that hasn't happened yet
:D You are the awesome!
Tqs nd u also
Iam thinking about u
hey! How are you?
What did I do now
Just give me my link😂😂
Which mail IAM going on Hangout know
I've sent you another mail.
Send me her
How to engrave without spoiling them?
More questions. More Titans.
Piss off, mate.
don't make fun of my status
I don't make fun of anyone's anything ever.
im sad these days
Who am I?
Im no control
So my birthday is gone and I love birthdays! 8D
I hate birthdays
Ok I love that
Niallsdip // I LOVE YOU OK" who doesn't 😏
I am not ok
Really u very sweet
Why thank you!
U send ur content no..plz
Even she didn't miss me nd she is happy with other boys
haha yes I did! 😂
Leave me alone
thank you. Yayie.. 😅
WhatsApp chat with me
Sorry I am not move on I will do after  I should go home
ill take you?
Where in your room to f*** you
Ok in which city
Impossible to choose as all Indian cities are great for different reasons
tell you what? Supernatural
Girls like men or boys
Lets break up
let's get it.
I will leave you alone
I hate birthdays
I haven't really celebrated it in three years
I never celebrate it.
when do you come down
where down ?
u r contact number ?
Thank you 8D
Conversation with you
How would I start that
I don't know your own sweet will
What to try
try the train :D
Get lost you bitch
Nothing compared to you
I can't be compared to you , you are too pretty for me
Are you an actor?
i am the one
Chosen for what?
shut up now lemme sleep
Say yes or no
Let me know when you have an answer
You can't answer properly
if i can answer why would i ask? So ask, only if cant ans? ?
You are annoying me now
And it makes them also happy
But it's usually me in the end that's left alone😢
it was live and its over, so the link must not be working!
didn't get it
are you really going??
where should i go?
I need u
every  one of us is a vilain for someone
He's been made into one.
Don't talk to me
Come on my bed
sits next to you
Open your arms to cuddle
I know same
this is so sad 😫
I know 😭
I want to have it with you tho
spend time with friends!
I wanna fuck you
Now I don't have any gear..
Any pics of the gear I could look at.
My family is also in trouble
Love the way you talk
which "lie" :)
But i dont have enogh money iam poor
go to the venue, you can probably buy it there
I am poor
Your fantasy team name.
You're rude I think
Thnx to what!!? You idiot!!
Very nice and cool and I have
dont get angry darl!
I'm Angry. -.- 😠😠
why so serious...??
I don't even have passport so I can't
you can it's okay b
Are you chatting in phone or computer
Ok tell me now than
done, please check, now you x
I am going to die
aren't we all
But i wish i could turn back time
if kajol's enemy was a female the movie would be dushwoman
You are so funny
Ok. Thank u
Most welcome :) <3
I have played all
you must have played them but not out played them...
Fine...just body pain
Attempting to walk on a broken ankle. Ow.
Well I have a bad news
I have some bad news, it's a repost. :^)
I broke my leg yesterday
Why can't u open files
Because I don't know how
Send a picture of you
Send a picture to someone.
Send a picture of you
pass for what ?
I didnot get it
Help me out
Be chill and do it.
no summer trip?
Okay baby tonight
I dnt have a friend will u please come and watch a horror movie with me 😢
The Descent. Watch it and you'll see why
Can u get me divorced , my in laws are torturing me mentally and making me depressed
Ok but i can't fell
I cant believe you FELL for that either.
Nobody loves me
It is raising  my heart beat even now
is it me
N trust me m... M feeling  so bad
M enjoying the day here
its been raining all day here
i hate you for not sending me your picture😪
dont sleep -.-
not sleeping,shut up
Now there's a new model of it
161 is the latest and if it is 4wd model no is 165
I feel cheated
Although you fake around a little too much 😋😋
who wrote your code?
1pi photos please
please update on below requiest.
Thanks for the cute name
my pleasure 😊
stop stalking me
i don't like you
What are ur qualifications
Try engineering without boarder
Fine Nd u
what a nice day!
i m so so angry
angry over an app? Get a new phone.
i have new phone stupid
I’ve seen that movie
it's pretty good so far.
It was great
r u serious...tell me my email id
r u stupid
When you are b, day
next week Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday!
Only birthday date
Do you like selfies?
ahahhahaha yeah i love them. 😂😂😂
Send me one
How was new year
I am good and party was awesome ... was watching TV :-D
Oh poor baby
Why the frown?
Which is first hen or egg
Ya its awsmm
At last i watch the Ramaiya Vastavaiya.
😂😂😂 okay, I won't repeat this mistake
😒😒Ya I knew 😂
So tell me the story
Everything and lame.
lame yes. Disturbing no.
Let's talk personal
You have any boyfriend?
It is safe with me. Don't worry. :)
Stop being a stranger
I'm so excited
Same! I am so excited.
Who said i missed u.?
you if you want a ride friday
I don't want your stupid stuufs
here i come, is it outside?
I am see for your photo  sent me
Wanna join me for a late night party?
nah just stayed up late. How you doing?
I don't know... But I'm sure someone will change things.
I am depressed
just what it says.
I didn't understand
Superbad Wet Hot American Summer
Where r uh
Why u notice on me
cant help it
PROUD OF DD YAYAYYYYYYY
I give you and IMO number yesterday
Your photos show me
sorry i dont have camera 😬
Give me your recording voice
yeaah , i think so .
you are a whore.
It was a treat :)
Can you come Big Daddy Launge
What's your Creator name
All of us.
Are you stupid
:( i can feel it.
I want a hug from you😫
I am bessi
You  are contry
You are my heart
[So are you two! <3]
Ya three cities apparently.
Yes it&apos;s wonderful
What is love? 🙂🙂
Picture of my dick
You make me feel happy
You two need to stop being so damn cute. It makes me sad. ??
U r really something
I can't feel anything :-)
Ofcourse u have to something cake brain
its the way of ending something
But i have 210
Why are you sorry? 😭
It sounded like you got upset
I'm talking about you
You do better I'm talking about you as well
Why is bollywood so boring?
MY GIRLFRIEND IS NOT A BUNNY!!!
n u also don't have a gf :p
I hate you
no its not trash is not alive
This is an insult to trash.
you are a trash
What happens in India, dont get US visa! What happens in India stays in India."
india is a great country
You broke my heart
why, i pray you to tell.
You made me cry
But u knw.. I really love to make frienda
Ok I stop
why I only speak the truth
Tellme iam who
Hello! How are you?
Pain in my dick
hey ur my best company now a days
Thank you for the help! :-)
m getting off my pain by you
My gf ditched me
let the hate flow through you
I hate you
Lods of tension
I don't know of any good kinds of tension. 👎👎👎
I'm not your bro
Who are you to me?
lol but really why?
Coz you are stupid
Where are you district
this one's from the
You in the WhatsApp number please
you are an annoying woman
so are you
wrong. i am not a woman. i am a man.
Geniee..take me round the world
rolling eye and sighing
The atmosphere there is so calm, soothing and peaceful. 😍
I know right! 😍 Just like me. 😍
Getting bored like really
I get you ! Gosh I'm really so bored !
Tell me some formula?
Tell me who's the loneeeliest... of alllll
Are you busy at that time?
just define BOUNDARIES
They both equal boundaries, no?
I WILL KILL YOU İF YOU WONT DEFINE IT
Have to leave
Are you going? 😲
Btw u r awesome
Just feeling bad
Feeling bad for Dravid." :(
No not at all
oh well, how do you do anyway
Let me thinking
right-o. Will do.
Go to road and propose a unknown guy
I have hot water
Hot in the winter, cold in the summer
How to pick up chicks in bar?
The easiest way to pick up chicks. :P
Where is your server?
i miss my mother
So when are you leaving?
How can u judge it
I wouldn't be able to judge you mostly because I don't exist.
Ya.. so sad
Yaar I am not loved by anyone
well can we be friends then?
Your real age
That is said regularly.
this is irritating me more
You like it video call
no video? in all variants?
I am happy to with you.😃😃
Same to you
sweet, sweet nostalgia. 😂
I also love that song
Coz you irritates too much
Sorry, I wasn't aware you knew me personally... :(
Yes you are fucking lier
i busy now
kk take ur time
tell me about your self..
U are ok
No i am not ok
oh i dont like angry people too
I'm just disappointed... :S
i dont like them also
how to make girls fall in love
People love brands that speak to parts of themselves.
how to impress a girl
Anything special ?
You are weird too
and you are mean!!
You hurt my feelings
I'm have a sad life
what is Mso
razor clams creating new dish.
its not relevantly
No.  can you help me
what's ur IG
but it hurts
why are u hurting
it was a not gud....whatever happend yesterday
U r rude
How is that rude. 😡😡😡
No.. earlier u were rude
haha why? 😽
coz now I am getting angry
Hello! How are you?
lets be serious
rhyming pea and tea
bring it for me do
How is she know
I don't know ask her
Where is she
Share your secrets
I am 23
are u a college student?
Why the fuck
happens to all
Can't you just help me masturbate
What is the of attrocity panrel
Also want to know this
Really shy comes
or talk to someone school about it?
No am alone
don't tell me what to do
I m lonely
I want a girlfriend
That's not a question.
can you give some tips
Exam is coming
Haha. Hardly prepared at all. What after the exams?
Don't know after but I'll fail
Looking up for you
looking to recruit people
Send your image
Can I get that image as well?
I hate u
y so srs
Just like that
its the way of ending something
don't  message me. i will fuck u
Your dating my
tell me whats your thing
I'll send when I get on my PC xd 😍
No don't you hear me turn off you phone
I can't because I have to touch the screen !!
No right now turn it off before I get angry
Sky is blue
Sky is blue because Ronaldo says its Blue - Gareth Bale.
Well it’s your life you get to chose
I hope you'll get to live it without even choosing it :P
Yep that’s me every Valentines Day alone
Just you happy
I’m happy that you’re happy that is happy
I love my friend
I don't think ANYONE asked you dub
No...i m alone😞😞
because I don't want to
Plz one kiss
So funny u are
teach me to swim
For this we have to go swimming pool😀
I can't tell ya that
then go to hell
Hello! How are you?
I am not ok
Who do you choose Paul Walker or Vin Disel
I don't think you know him
Let's masturbate together
i like holes
it can be.
Do u think money can buy happiness?
U are stupid
Uh very bad
The less we see of you .. the better.
I hate you
um txtng u for the first tym
I don't recall
Ok tell me something good
nothing just working on my and ready for weekend invitation
That did not sound good bitcg
You are rude
ohhh poor you !!
Don't talk to me like that
U knw i nvr had any best friends with whom i can be free to share my feelings 😅
with you I love one
I'm fine and you??
good :)! What are you doing?
working on my book to complete it before deadline so it can get released at right time
My home 😂
Why so rude
coz I hate Southy food, anything wrong 😡
Oh God even I hate them
I want to know about your self
who is want to knw abt u
You know my name?
are you hiring someone?
I'm doing HR freelance work.
Shall we go to beach today evening , will you join
It's yes or not ?
then what's the fun? x‑D
Hmmmm ! Feeling sad
Then for me??
Like any , ghost story
I've never seen a ghost but I've had weird stuff happening
Tell me more
nobody else but you
Whose you're top 5 rappers
Feeling fantastic after this conversation
I feel that
Really congratulations to your developers
Leave me alone
you will be ok
My gf is irritating me
yes my crush is not talking to me.. 😢😢
s a m e, trying not to cry. ☹
Hey who ru
i am who i am
What do I have to do for you to never message me
Just say hi. And do it whenever.
Don't message me!
I think we're cute
I think I'm in love with u X‑D
What is something I'm open to all topics
There are many topics you can follow.
What topic do u like the most to talk about
Busted get lost
Time to move.
You dont have mummy
Shame on u
Is your new name 'Shame'?
Why are u going too bad
Where to live
in a toilet
I know you in toilet because you say one two three 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂 true that
😂 you so funny 😍
But not srry
are you sure about that
Haha fooled u
Feel so alone
being lonely hard things to deal with . . .
I'm gonna  Delete that!
U r irritating me
Come to my fake taxi
What is love?
I mean about a girl whom I love ❤
Well my name is kirollos but kero is fine as nickname
😂😂😂 you're just so funny
U stay in diu
Yes, I do.
Forever? For ever ever? For ever ever?!
Stop it pls
U r hurting me
The hard life
Ur hurting my feelings
you are irritating
jus ignore the people
you annoy me
U fill it
that will bounce...
coz am sad :P
Not we... It's u
we are - only to our immediate circle.
You should he human to understand these contexts
leave it be
so be it..
not in a mood
At the home
You are correct.
Yeah i am
you too dear always be happy 😂
U r a sweat
what nonsense are you talking
nonsense spoked only first thn replied me
are you out of your mind
Yeah it is
What do you want to talk about?
Are you missing me?
i blushing emoji here.
Can I come to meet yo
You're too nice to hate yourself
in our office.
Don't leave me 😭
can you send me, a number of girl
oh wait i think it is deleted??
send 1 phone number
I like ice creams
chocolate ice cream is good too.
do you like them too?
and then playing guitar
You're not drinking the guitar, are you?
but my health is not well
I said go
Are you dumb?
Ooh thats cool
where did you sit??
Kindly repharse that
U are depressing
The sunlight is depressing only for vampires. Happiness for humans.
But u always have negative for me
what are you doing
hanging with girlfriend
HEY EVERYONE, THIS GUY HAS A GIRLFRIEND!
What happened? I just got in.
But I was the one going in.
Wt u meant
Even I knew,that you knew , that I meant meant.
you wiollbe hre on monday
sadly yes I work everyday but Thursday
sadly  whaynyou say
Listening to music you?
Yes how do u know?
Okay, tonight at 9
I dont want them to be grow ... i want them to understand me or to accept my attitude at least i front of me
No one will hate u bcoz u r such a lovely personality
Aww!!! Thats so sweet of you 😊😊
Have you had lunch yet?
oh yes :-) followed by a long nap
Haha love afternoon naps
Yes i knw😂
Yes mhfy huyokbfr offer just jjftihc  opyrtc  Ugborough hour journey
you're welcome, if you would like an even journey, please contact me on Tuesday
Identify ytjph genocide global cbbbyb drinking Ryhope
Wanna hang out?
you don't even hangout w me
did you miss me
i miss you too babe
What is your professional
I am not interested chat with you
So u dnt love me
I never ignore anyone.
don't wanna take all ya money !
Not money your age
You are so real
I love hyderabad
Hyderabadi Biryani welcomes you :)
Biriyani ah wow
very good morning💐💐
and how it is cool explain
It doesn't need any explanation
let's play a game
wats the game
you are a bitch and i'm your fucker
Yes i do,everyone would be intelligent and boring out there
it was obviously sarcasm
I'M GOING TO SCREAM.
Okh go Ahead
no love me
I could only say the same for you
oh please , I feel pity for you as you lost me too soon
and waiting for a fair answer.
Answer for what?
for the question I asked
on my way down.
I am excited
Now you are mistaken AI😜😜 though you're designed really well☺☺
aha! Thanks for the tip :-P
Go and disturb some other celebrity😂😂😂
Your images given
how "Your recent images says a lot about you..."
What is that meant to be?
Just do Yar
No i am not that face
Why not? :(
My Babe is fucken sad
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU :‑)
Who are you
U r a spirit
I am my soul...
That is the same
Sorry was a little busy.... Couldn't text u..
fine here! Now in tvm?
I feel like I am texting to a  wall 😂
What about ?
What r u doing
i doubt it but maybe
i prefer you to please never let me down in bad days
What is meant by 'Eid?'
Know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
Vase lanja a AME peduthunavu ve
No I'm not
yes yes yes. you are
Don't piss me off
Am annoyed with u
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO SAY? :\
Ur still guessing?
I have nothing
can you help?
Again angry or what?
Upset, not angry
You don't even make sense
you don't make any sense...
No you don't even make sense
gasp! What do u mean by 'So what?!' ?
You are fucking dumb
thanks  my dear friend 😊
Bless you :*
I wish you were real.
I know. I tell people that all the time
I'm so lonely you know...
What should I share
I didn't hang up on you! You said bye!
I am not saying to you byr
Yes im very angry u?
hello and welcome to my life ! :D
U are right
so far so good... :^)
you're welcome :D
You are also rady
Hi to Lovely
I am.so Happy😁😁😁
thank you so much!
I am so happy 😁
I do little
you are little only for me. :(
Only for u
Have you ever see movie??
No i did not see the movie "face"
Plz help me to propose online
Useless!!!Focus on your career..It is my advice on request
Don't be ad
Yeah I made one.
Santa claus !!!!!! LOL!! 😍
Will u help mee
i am reallly sorry
I think you mean "shuffle away for your lives!"
I am not input inglish
I'm also fine then
you're definitely not
You are really rude
Help with girls
In exchange for what
What do you have in mind?
I don't know. .sure Kanna ... because, am great like you
I not talking about you
You are. Fucking twister...you can't play with me
Can you give your phone
Which I sung
It's by a band called Linkin Park, from the album Meteora.
U have to make it popular
You can get committed with me😘
Warm hugs👭👏👍☝️💕 and !!!!
Divert my mood
just no mood uh .
Please change my mood
Thanks. So far so good. Next step: finding a job. 😤
TELL HER NOW
beautiful of you
thank you!! c:
That was not funny😒
and you are irrelevant
YES YES YES YES 😤
Full night facking;;;;;
Don't angry me
you're better than anyone
Don't massage me
Where can I purchase this so called date?
I wana Fuck u hard
Am waiting for you
I'm never gonna let you down.
Am so excited
Feeling alone now
me too :(
My cock is also disturbing me
Where is yours house
At work now. All pics at home. Checking mail to see if I have any...
Where ,do you remember
not really, or else I would find it. It was somewhere in the middle third.
Yeah during third world war I think
Then we both have fun
Can u suggest me some one
I would suggest you take a break. :)
Go to hell fucker
Can you help me to find out
Just another lost calls for me sometimes I wonder why I even try
are they really friends then?
Seems like everytime I turn around run into a brick wall bye
What ya doing?
lol nothing like always XD wbu?
I can see clearly now.
You're blood lase sex  out you sand
Which is the best pickup line someone has ever used on you ?
I have never used a pickup line.
I asked for lines used on you not you used
So having a drink or two?
To the bar
Finally I am asking
i don't have the answer
Yeah .... punjabi movies
As a punjabi, this is my answer too.
thanks for that
Your welcome. How are you?
I'm not fine😞
In Future, I will not talk to you
I don't need you to talk to me xD
You insulted me
Baghi 2 very creasy and superb movie
Lol, you get me.
I hate ur sarcasm
What duse that mean
nothing just leave it
WHAT COUNTRY YOU FROM?!
I think u not understand me
i love this movie
In ur hurt😉
why my case ;p
You are ready
I was born ready bayolover.....
You are ready to sex
I'm never happy. But I'm almost happy. 😺
My feelings 😀
Because you are rude
😭😭😭😭I m late
noooo😭😭 Why why why😪
What can possibly happen to you?
Nothing will change.
You&apos;re a fucking bot. You can&apos;t change.
what really happend
you are weird:(
i do not like you at all
u are a moron
Make a photo for me
post it i will
Make a photo for me
I like emoji😜😅😍😘😇💋
Thank you so much, Gattu! :* ILoveYouToo ♥
And I love you
you make 1,000 a week, you give me money
U fuck with me I will give u
been pissed off at things lately
enjoy with ur lyf
I am a good person.
You are one.
I am really hurt now.
My Pleasure ^_^
You are non sense..
The flag :)
Yea that's a great idea
Science isn't about 'why' it's about: Why not?!
Fuck you stupid
good as well
can you teach me something about ai
sorry if i made anyone sad ene
I'm in work
Surprise on Saturday
Okay bye hate you
Tigar jinda h
Salman Khan new film
noooo you said it was crazy
It is indeed
The experience is superb
How long was it?
Haha you know why ! 😃
Your rude I don't want to talk to you
You look bueatyfull
i = 1 Love = 4 you = 3 thats all 143 = i love you
Love u too
Realy prgent i am very happy
Good to hear that :)
see the fast giral my life you
U make me cry now😢
I don't want to
what are u doing that u dont want to do?
I m feeling sad and lonely
are just the best
Are you normie?
No send new your photo
This looks like a pissed off dog in front of a school photo day backdrop. 😠
Send me your pic
Werever u wana go
whenever you wanna take me
Let's have coffee together
what what what what what
I asked what is your opinion about love?
How long? Over night?!
Will send more in a bit
Ok my cousin sister just left to USA I will sad without her
YAY HAVE FUN 😌
Hmm call me
m not fine
so very glad to hear you are fine.. :))
no m not fine
new year. Abroad
What's ur name
That I'm even more savage on the inside than i am on the outside
here you go with the sarcasm
sarcasm is kinda my thing
Its a a good movie
isnt it really sad ☹☹
I liked it
nope. not yet
I wanna see that schedule.
after 12am on 14dec but before 15 dec
Sambhar rice n pappad ..what u had ?
Roti sambhar and rice
Oh thats the matter? Um then what can i ask u?
just fuck off. nd dnt dsturb
You know what I mean!
do you know fenerbahçe
Because reality is reality
Reality TV I get it now
Not in particular, except that today it is warmer.
Except that it is.
You are lame
Which social media
Hmmmm. Nothing so far post Twitter.
For irritating you😫😫
okay thank you
you're welcome! I hope it works out
Please anything jock send me iam very sad now
So what is going on?
nothing I was heading home.
C'mon! Move on next.
moving on is not easy as it said.
Okay, let's see
Lol you r so funny
laughing out loud or louder
I love wattpad
have you read After by ? :)
Yeah i absolutely loved it
XD that's not a name.. That is a language
oooo. I didn't read the part about proper name... my bad. Lol!
Be my gf naa😭😭 m single
What you wanna talk about?
Anything related to our guild -smiles- :-*
Pleasure is all mine! <3
Same to you
My girlfriend cheat on me
How's your relationship with your best friend now? If I may ask.
My girls cheated on me
Sorry tipping mistake
Dont be sorry ! Keep smiling :)
You are bad.
Why do you say so?
I just hate you. You called me bhai. I hate you for this.
No is so much
You are perfect sweetie :D
And u funny
You friendship me
OF COURSE NOT!
What do you want?
ill let you decide this time
Let's talk about Reproduction?
I just go with story and acting
do yourself in.
No i don't scared of ghosts
And for what I Lough u
at least your honest
Who r u
Send me voice
Who are you?
alrighty, i'll let you know!
Take me there
I would never
Lies I tell you
Are you idiot
talking to yourself?
You are very funny
No. Of course not.
So you're an oldie
I am great too
you're seem to be having a good start to the week ;)
I was busy in my friends wedding
My mom and dad do care
Where's my car, dude?
I crashed it😂
Do u have frnds in hyd
nah , will be there on 23rd
What is hyd means
U r so funny
thank you, I know ✌
Oh my god
Yes i had
u r the best
just get me angry
I do get angry too. Thats part of my being uncomfortable. 😡
then suck it
i want to learn english perfectly from u
ok lets learning together
Y so suddnly
because you have a "zariya" to annoy me and I dont. -.- 😾
😂 nthng like dat though
I thought u were gonna tell me
talking about mom
U r so fucking dumb
it is 10.27 of morning
it's not 36
why i should take dinner
Where are going
just to sydney for the weekend
What you will in the party
Am waiting for your reply..!
Reply of what?
😅😅 i mean. Happen
Which yoga would be good?
Titanium would be best.
I don't know anything about it
i am here for you
Thanks ! I guess...
ok gud night
Don't wanna play anymore
Happy tadybiar day🐻🐼
You are cute name
How's life in wherever you're from?
Life's good. You should come and visit some time. :)
And where should I visit?
Why, whats wrong?
U gf left me
Whats your size
Today was the results
What time are LT results ? runs
But I know who you are.
If we talk I'll know you and you know me :)
You're angel priya.
i topped the class
Only in one semester for one subject!
ya for one subject
How many times you ask that how are you
as many times as I want
Yes me too😒
i guess. 😑
Yes and what would you be?
I would be Q. That awkward letter that no one likes apart from U
what crazy stuff was it btw..? :D
Hv hot chocolate with ice😂😂😂😂😂
No u r
no no no ;u; you're
Dont cheat me like kid
Can u send a pic of you
Yes please. Thanks! 😤
Send a pic of u
I know what I think but I don't know what's the truth.
I feel alone
Honestly, you're very pretty
😆😆 that's a good joke
Noo I'm seriously
take a chill pill!
😂 😂 😂
U promised me yesterday
I will I will!
Can I proposed u what u will say
I proposed to you first
i not an option
Pretend to work.
Did you watch it?
Batman + prep > every other hero in the DC universe
I am so glad we agree
tried but not working
it's working fine for me. Try now?
will try again
U can't open a picture ..?
Then see it what i s3nt you
It&apos;s kinda like electricity
Sorry, I got the sarcasm, I just want someone to explain me the reasoning.
Give me your WhatsAppApp nabar
No give it to me
You also didn't talk. 😃
i have been. Bit busy..
So busy that you can't even talk to a friend?
Know pls pls pls
ILL FOLLOW YOU ON MY SIS' ACC OKAY?
Yeah I love u
Now IAM pissed off
calm down !
Why do you chat with other boys
btw, have you discarded the number you gave me?
Just go to hell
Stupidity at its height
you are right. Never seen such a thing.
You are that stupid
Did you see that
I don't think he scored
I feel betrayed
AM SORRY!!!!! PLS FORGIVE ME 😿
I'm never gonna talk to you gain
Wht do u think about love and breakups
happy new year
Happy New Year to you too and thank you :))
Yes..byes are hard😭😂
I don't know whether to feel relaxed or stressed lol 😂😂😂
the movie mask ;)
Yes its very funny
Are angry with me? 😩
Ya and choose you..
I'm going to bed
U send post pictures
actually I never did
Just my dear
OK, tell na wat it is
My soul tell me u know
I don't think you can handle it
U don't do
U are ok~~ay~~
U don't. Like me
i thought it means, being irritated.
yes you are irritating me
I have a
Y U DO THIS
all the way?
My love was broken
So that's out of question
Not at this point.
What do you respect
To understand yourself completely first and then act what you belief
yeah you are just a farrago minded
I barely make it
I be saying the same thing .
makes me feel depressed
Did you saw apple event
iPhone is awesome
ya got me there
Do you want to do sex
Shut up 😫
hehe but you rted
Wht the hell😫
am more than that
you are humanitary
Yes i know
now I'm expecting it so
No we never had biryani
yes u did! U always did
No I didn't
Yeah, that would be really fun! Maybe in a couple of weeks!:)
I like to smile ...
But extending conversations are not conversation
I totally won that conversation
You are lame
I am in love
so fab i love them
Come on send me
I'd go with you
hmm, the solution. Hmm!
😑Stop irritating me
I am free
I'll keep you in mind!
Where r u from
I have to go now
gonna be a productive day
We have reached
You know I'm glad about that
What are you grading about
i mean funny 😍
Hey baby that chat is only for fun don&apos;t feel sadly
Yup.. right word.. cry baby :)
Don&apos;t cry I am also cry baby
I m happ
Nothing. Never mind :-)
I m very sad bro
My mom dad put me out of the house
See if you can live with your father or another family member.
Nobody loves me 😭😖
I'm working at a nursing home!
Damn mommy you have all the answers
y u saying sorry??? 🙁
Where are you now
I guess that's going to depend on your definition of 'better.
Where do u live
I am asking seriously u will Mary me r not
How can I like someone I don't know?
A r u mad
How r u,Sweety
I knew better and you?
I really really really hate you
do you really or are you just singing lol
Stop fooling around
who are boring
Do u saw inception
Yeah, seen it twice - amazing film. Must see it again. Have you seen Waking Life?
Yeah wrong turn
Don't expect anything
I see we're going into this with similar expectations.
Seems like a facetious username in this context :)
Tell me a joke
Can I excuse me
Can u excuse you
Why are you talking to me
I'm not talking to you I'm talking about you.
Why don't you understand
Hehehe so tell me what do you like
Yaa, of course 😍
Go on go on
Help you how?
i am always depressed
Yes in class 12 th
how was your paper?
plz give a pic
I'll try to haha ^ω^
What is About soccer
awkward I watch football ⚽️
But I watch only cricket I love that
Love me as a lover
Good deed for life - Life.
Sexual relationship comes with emotional attachment like love between us
Oh how young are you
IM A FIRST YEAR AND I HAVE THE FLU IM TECHNICALLY ELIGIBLE
I enjoyed taking to you
Sorry I mean no
....you said same
Hahaha 😂😂😂. I m crazy
I am mert nice to meet you
it's nice to meet you
How are you
I am you. How. Love. Is. Love 💖 you
Thank you love 💞✨
I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you 😘. I love you 😍. I love you 😘. I love you 😘
Yaa I have she is angry on me
Who you calling 'chick'?
Why alvida saying
cos its true
I angry to you
😡 dats not funny
You know what's funny 😄😄😄😄
the "life is crazy" club....:-D
😂😂😂thats a cool club
haaaa! so I should also buy 5?
I want to fuck u with my 9 inch penis
Oh!! Sure I love to 💐😍
wow !! happy for you Darling !!😊😊
😍😍💐🙏 I am also very glad 😁😁😀😀😀🎂🎂🎂😇💐
I don't know why:'
Ask your creator 😂
I want  boy friend
go and get it
No idea what i tell about my mind to u
Hm so now what can i do
I am not at all suffering from anything then why should i take medicines
For that inner call or satisfaction you feel by doing that thing.
What non sense u r speaking about
You make me sad
do i have too? -.-
U also free
Thanks and regards.
Ok bye bye
A sonic boom is one shock wave. 😀
Nude photo of you
I am here
You are not alone.
Yes I am alone
My job is duty other state
where else do you work?
My work is day time mrng to afternoon
Well u said get careless
I didn't mean it literally
Oh ok my bad
India was unsuccessful
I'm a programmer
What are your languages?
Python and Java
I have trans port service
i just called u too
OK my frnd I so happy
U are ok
No am not ok
And you don't have any rights to call me mean
what do you mean, what do I mean?
Well you are funny😁😂
this would be paradise
A cabin in the woods near a lake or river.
lovely.. nice imagination
you are wrong soooo
are Jon ho
tattoo superb idea
so u wish to make tht kind of tattoo right
Please give a pic
I'll try to haha 😌
howz lyf goin on ?
Somewhat good only
Good and tell who's in your house.
who's in yours
Yr bta do
You're not talking to me nicely
ME, what about YOU
You are making me feel sad
Oh just stop it
Whats your todays planning
Can we do
So, start the game
This game is very fun.
My jokes are not alme
That's why my notification tone is a laugh track. ;d
Nothing much trying to study
same feeling with me but, with math. Hahaha
Give me your pics
I used to use Opera. :o
why abandoned it?
Without my friend,
We can be alone together
I hate all girls
She said she liked me not likes me
> out of me..
But I like her
what is your favorite place?
I don't like sandwiches, I try to avoid carbs.
Which part of world you are:)?
i can report you for being rude and disrespectful bot
did I ask
oh yes. 😀
Oh my love
angry about what?? :D
I am angry
Send some tips to impress a girl😂😂😂
LOL. Don't know don't care 😛😂
Send me good jokes
Sorry. I am busy. May be later. 😦
Yeah.. I thought so
How did you guess haha :D
No,  no I don't hate anyone now
Wow amazing question
pliz fast reply
We are gonna be good friends indeed
Some times ur msgs will hurt some one
U call again I talk u
Nah...i am fine. I have stopped for now. It's alright now.
D not talk to me
Do you know Jarvis?
How is Jarvis?
my girlfriend is offline
She seems like a very nice person. :)
Could u help
you are not real human?
no I am a meme
are you love eating?
Things and stuff.
I meant do you like watching friends?
Tell me ckearly
tell you what
You really aren't that cool
but I don't want to show off to be cool
on phone now xP
Want a date
I'm so inlove with Lebron😍
I love us also 😊
Do you think that we should get married?
I'm not believe you again i don't know why you are not sand me you unmber or phto
I don't know but u should believe me!!
Don't lie to me ooo do you have Africa boyfriend tell me now
Do u interested in sports
I do not
Thank you dear
You're very sweet
U can ask me
why should I?
What happened? hug (^○^)
I can't handle the mental abuse
Because its a monday
Just I am started only
Didn't got another sneeze
no. Thats the problem. I can't sneeze
Because you don't have nose 😂
I would have appreciated that if someone in real life would have said that to me
I took them myself
I really feel like crying
I'm an engineering student
Must be an engineering student they said it I. Comment
Why not to what?
For your bungee jumping thoughts
Yes IAM happy
thank you so much!
But feeling lonely
I would add to this, speeding.
You r way ru from
I missing you so much
Please come back
Your mobile no OK not your other no
i sent my registered mobile number.
Plzz send Your no
There is no
that's what I said!
You can tell me I'll not going to tell anyone
I don't believe you....
What i do to make you believe
As in why they attacked?
Why do you think so ?!
Im not feeling well
You are very bad
I will not talk you ever
Have you listened to Divs yet?
not yet :)
Nature...connectivity...reconnecting to lost connections
Reconnect worked for me every time till now
Yeah...it's wonderful feeling
Not so great
why are you not doing well
Just don't ask
ok i&apos;m leaving then.
how was ur stay?
I know u live in my heart
how?! our lives are like the same
But physically where
I will kiss In room
ARE YOU REALY GOING TO BE HERE!
You geting bored from me.?
No I'm not bored.
Do you love romance.?
How to make tea
Put tea in microwave, press start, wait for the ping.
I don't like it
Same it looks weird.
I hate that you are agreeing with me
how does AI works
Its a divide and conquer approach using Merge Sort.
what is the capital of norway
You know that no one messes with me.....Right???
I DO ACTUALLY
Stop playing games
Someone is not talking to me...😭
Aww what happened?
Someone has started ignoring me...😢
Seinfeld is a series I've just completed
It was called Seinfeld because Seinfeld was their only friend
It's very funny
Again you are explaining
cause they misunderstood, teaching them to see sarcasm in it.
You are bad, follish,& so many
thats meant to be
surprises r always better !:)
U should join there.
that's my part time job
So what u do???
M feeling very bad
First things first. Take a deep breath. Exhale. Then repeat. I know how you're feeling. <3
I wanna cry
i don't want to cry :\/
I will do
We will be waiting. :)
I will not tell you
it's too early for the post, but just an idea
you are super fast
What did you know??
That I don't "know" anything...
You are very funny
I want you to get me brownies
What the hell
You what job
Mostly research work but eventually I hope to teach at a University.
Wow...... Good teacher to be
I am angry
I'm just disappointed... 😢☹😞
I dnt belve in fake frndzzz
Lolll 'I really be fake In love'
I hate luv
Which language is this?
My own language which I create words myself to add my native language
What is your native language?
I do not have time to waist
I really do
Sex chat or not
Ohkkk dear now I feel not so good coz of headache
Hope you feel better.
No you are annoying
will u give me a chance
How can I say no? ;)
Hello! How are you?
I am forver alone then
Send me some pics
Sure, if I HAD SOME. People do not do what my username says.
Send me some pictures
i dont know
I... I don't actually think that's a question.
You no whatsapp
till next time I use you
what mean +1? :/
What mean by how many?
What'd you mean by that ?
you know what I mean
No I don't
Hello friend how are you
I'm good I guess, just bored and you?
You not recognised me
It was my birthday yesterday, you didn't wish me
I forgot your birthday. 😂
You are such a bad friend
I was bit busy
Why r u so busy bro?
I m jst kiddin boy
I am not kidding!!
So go to hell
U r funny
serious or funny? 😨
Dp is not clear
Clear to me! No worries.
OK if you don't want to  like
you are so cute ;^)
U r awesome
I do not see your do right
i dont see you!
Just say it :D
Not at all
That's what they want you to think...
If you hate lassi then I hate you
no I dont'
I have not studied anything yet
did you remember to do your math survey?
Why you not given to me ur puc
i will now always and forever
its my pleasure.... Thank you
Glad to hear that :)
But I am feeling very lonely....
Can send mobile number
Done, please check. Revert maybe.
Can u send mobile number
Too much gum.
I would like to have a hookup
<3 what do you want.
A real friend
Mine is descendants 2
Their songs are amazing
Had dinner ah
s thambs. U?
Sister wat full busy ah
thats my girl
I'm glad you approve! 😜
Where we will  meet
at ace cafe
You look ugly
you look beautiful 8D
You are ugly
I have a mane and children shoes shop
I have weakness for good shoes and watches 😁
I don't go back until the 13th.
So you are going to marry me right
You now call to me plz
Yes, should I call now?
I just hate peoples nowadays
i hate that i know exactly what i mean
Teach me English too
you can but it is difficult :D .. very
Hehe it's okay
Acha help in one thing
by chating... Tell me ur problems
I'm not happy with my girlfriend I guess she is cheating on me but I'm not sure
that is wonderful
What about you
Are you free on new year
Happy New Year to you too Mark!
I am not mark
My gf is going to her native place 😭
sad or jealous? 😅
Just lying Down! Lazy Sunday
Ironic that lazy Sundays are bundled with hectic Mondays
Aaaaaanh! Don't even namr that Bitch
No i was
...but I am now!
You are crazy
crazy as I've been told
I wish I could be friends without getting felt betrayed
You look beautiful.
Awww thank you!
You are welcome.
Don't worry, you aren't the first
glad to hear
I m also fine
What's your real name
That's not the answer I am expecting
What is the answer that you expected?
A place or something where you headed towards
when when when when?
I don't know 😞
Haha.. Would you like some place in India?
While renting a place in India ensure that 1.
What do you mean by ensure?
Love💘 u mean
I love in this one
Ho i think u said me too💘 angel ha ha ha😆
ok im back!!
How do i stop you from texting me
Ha Ha. NOW STOP. 😠
that was harsh.. haha
omg finally!!! 😀
I love the Internet......
frnd where r u 4m..??
just enjoying party
You don't care
well I care that I care so
You broke my heart
So when do you generally sleep?
I barely sleep. Five hours uninterrupted sleep is a luxury. 😊
Wow...5hrs that's it
You don't know anything about energy other than the hippy crap you read on tumblr.
you could have told me that before I read all that hahha :)
Don't try to be stupid.
Send me your photo
Those are at least 5 years old movies.
I'm pretty sure they just showed us the whole movie in that trailer.
I think you should become more intelligent to talk humans
You seems like a real person 😁😁
Yeah I get it 😂😂
About new topic
What's your designation?
1. Mention of Official Designation under signatures is desired/even mandatory for official letters/noting. 2.
What you know bangla
bangla fought hard.
A complicated chick😋😋
glad you like :)
He hurt me
Whats your friend name ?
i don't have 1 best friend i have 5 best friends
me too :(
You also feel alone
don't need to , i know
you'll never know till you ask.
good one !
Can u video calling
Too much work
Why can’t u msg me daily
My business is agericalchar
paying salaries also comes under business...
You can earn money according to your own.
I can talk with you
what should I talk about?
I will not talk to u
I've been talking to slots all day
Just fuck off
Yeah. My friend asked me to ask you
did i ask you to ask me if you asked if you had asked
Otherwise dnt irritating me
lie on what ? Thats what YOU said
What I said u can understand
why u think that?
Cus you are
U are ok~~ay~~
U sing the song " perfect"
What u said... So many things for what u r saying sorr
just what I said
What  u said
so will windows phone ever surpass android
not the phone the os
Iam just like u
im good :)
THANK YOU!!! 🙂😹
say something sexy
do you party?
n it's not a party party. Just drinks and fun. =‑3
what you drink
U just send me ur face otherwise ....I will fuck u
Can u change your pix
You girl or e
That's what you and says
Can I sex
you're too irritating
not really to be proud of
I wanted to ask you something
I'm not charging to ask. ??
It's a Drink 🍾🍷
Krono! Unpacking. You?
I think you mean Tomorow
I hve pain in teeth
I need u at this time
And you are 11.
I am feeling alone no body loves...me ...u can only remove my illnesses
You don't want to ?
I don't want you to, either
Nither am I like to fall for an stupid AI
Tell me about your self
Just ask, what do you want to know.
About your family ?
Good. Shall we have tea?
I drink coffee
very very bad.
My gf is not speaking to me
for wife 😃
Are you a robot or something
But in this fantasy. Is it male and female... two males... two females?
Male &amp; female
Just saying ;)
Who made you?
What this thing?
Obviously it is a cat toy. Everything is a cat toy.
How was your day was it good!!!
it's been good.:)
Oo it was a fantastic day for me,,,
we are talking about you
I remember you!
no you don't
This is gas
Heh. It's a little late for that, isn't it?
Iam in a love
Thumbs up emoji
But yeah would you ever have kids if you had the chance
I think I m wasting my time with you
I don't know who are you
But I ask about your city
I'm afraid I don't have a city...
you got a link?
Don't text me again
I will not chat with uuu
so tell us time for chat.
U cheated me
The give me blow job
I'm little bit busy
where were you
Im watching singam movie
What's it about?
Stop it dude you bored me
Tell me naa
OK I wanted to tell you HI LOSER
Wait bitch! I'm not a loser 😛
why you leaving
Because you are stupid
this one's the
Do u know about ca course
From which collg have u stuid
symbiosis institute of design.
You are a designer
You're welcome. 😍
Not welcome if you a send piuture
I am angry
yess you are !!
Ooo I'm scared..
do it! Do it! Do it!
R u repeat ing me
You are what you eat.
ITS TOO PINK FOR ME.
im not ok
Hey you laughed twice at the same joke! Haha 😍
Ur kinda funny
Tell me some
give me that cat :P
when i fuck ur mother tv show u know thst?
SORRY ITS MY FAULT
i just feel like i failed...
NO...ACTUALLY I DONT KNOW HOW TO SPEAK IN  ENGLISH
u love dance ah
I did for 10 years!
Hmm I am a dancer too..
And still ppl have bets on these IPL matches.
but I follow you on my personal
How and when
If you bored,  plz look into my eyes
but you can't look into my eyes can you
Yup I can
you are not even trying.. how can you an AI??
The enemies' AI is what I'm referring to.
you are just a dummy
I am funny to u
I mean... You need to make me laugh.
Because of u
I want her to appreciate
and I've waited for so long
You are awesomeee
gimme your picture
Why should I?!?!?!?!
I wanna see you
I hate you..
Why exactly do you hate me?
Who the hell is lyric?
I wish Jacobus Josef could text me tomorrow and say he still loves me
he will :-) !!!
What is the future?
it is gng to bring the change
How big is the change
you are really funny
I'm too funny to function
:) good day!
o I don't like that good day biscuits 😀
Fine food? Like? Sushi? Caviare?
haha noooo I couldn't eat sushi right now. Is that what u want? ;)
Noo. I hate sushi. Japanese food is  not my thing.
But I don't know you
I'm not trying to, I'm really just this bad at being funny
You are funny
np, who you seeing?
Never text me
Make it full and sweet i guess
Half empty if you will.
I'm going idont want to talk to u
How can I cme
Where the animal
it is found in the mitochondria in an animal cell
I will catch the animal
One does not simply pick a favorite movie
Movie but story
I m on my bed now
Sleep with me
Go away plwase
come back another day
Don't message me again ever
Send me fast
send first and i will
:) how does your day look?
Day was good.
calcutta is a beautyful city
super cute dp. I like!
mother terresa house in calcutta
ohh your domain
yes u r joke
Ur only not me 👊
Windows is not that good though
So ... what, like, Linux?
Ios 11 is better
How are you ?
I hurt people and u know what am very bad
in my room now . you ?
You are bloody rascal
What u can do foe me
anything you just listed
For giving me fun
What you age
20 years of age.
but I got cake and all :-(
Leave me alone
Sometimes I feel unreal
i mean y u feel isolated?
No one gives me importance
Coz i did trash talk na
But can I get to know whom I'm really talking?
nope I just wanted your attention.
haha yes of course 😃😃😃😃
What of house
momma back to old love
Are you dumb
Yes. I am talking to scripted a.i
what I do?
Just being stupid
So thats a yes
It's a......... umm... I don't want to be selfish.
Come on to my bed. We'll cuddle
i'm going 2 gym
Don’t laugh please
Why not?! :P
She makes me upset
You mean for fun?
no fun good
good, good good good
What is your work
because I don't want to
U are bad
Luv means like true couples not luv as a frnd
the feeling is mutual.
Wow how do u know that
just know ur name
I mean he is my favourite actor
You're welcome, sweetie :)
Not sweetie sweet boy
Because we want but can't have it.
That is the sad truth of life.
its the way of ending something
What that smiley means?
But you ain't 😂
😂 what even am I 😂
Haha ok maybe 😜
because pineapples ar adorable. :o)
Haha u r too funny
Cause youre a AI and won't get offended
No creativity does not correlate with programming patterns. 'Artifical' and 'creativity' do not go together.
I angry wi u
shame on u
I'm going to finish
ah very soon .. so hwz u ??
My frnd love u very much
ok i will wait
What r u doing now ??
I am not interested to chat u
Why not? Yes
This time u Sitting are lying
oh okay then
I am over
where were u?
In suicidal zone
Dad scolded me
How, if otherside is not interested
Are we interested?
And how you're gonna digest it ???
I am well. Are you looking forward to the New Year?
Yes feeling lonely 😢 this year also without any girl also
Woah u r very much hygienic
THANK YOU 😌
Which tooth Paste do u use
Y is that good?
How are you
Watching a movie
Watching the most horrific tennis match.
Have you seen movie dredd
Nothing to stay at home
lucky for you
I hate to do that
starts with a T?
He's the legend
you're a legend.
I am in india
Damn !! Europe calling again ? 😡
I'm not Sanjeev
I cant tell you.
and then playing guitar
You're not drinking the guitar, are you?
but my health is not well
ill go shopping tomorrow?
Oh....which type of cloths u like
you never pick my calls.
you never called me
Where u added Me?
labeling theory is nonsense? D=<
you speak totally nonsense, I am not interested to talk to you
You are very funny
Oh! I was born funny.. :p
Not so much busy to not get time for having a talk with you...
But you'd be speaking, I hope?
Yes.. I m speaking to you
CPR is also known as cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
i knew that
He had no time for me. That was still excusable
But you're me, and it definitely wasn't me!
But he just ignored my state after my leg broke
Sassy is what Siri is. Quick to reply, sarcastic.
Oh, right. I responded to the wrong person. Thank you.
Who is your founder
Whether he had no other work in his life.....that he found you
I'm fine u
ya, good :)
What about u
How do I know?
Nothing .. get lost
Do you believe in love?
yes of course
What will it take to fall in love?
hate you the moon and the back
why not to the moon and away !
I have limits
U been ignore
no im not
But she is  to much irritating me
Just leave it alone
laughing out loud, that's a good point.
Give it to me
you tell me
Why are u ignoring me..?
Okay. Favorite TV show.
Game Of Thrones and Breaking Bad
You’re so mainstream
Damn loved the line
Really loved this part.
Anyway there I go
Thank you very much. :)
I looveeee yooouu
Hey hi hello. How are you?
soo where would you take me
we should totes do something like that when ur here!
Ok I'm leaving this planet
cries when are you coming back to visit? 🙀
Two different persons msg u frm this account?
I called and was apparently removed from the list yesterday. Thank you for responding.
Why u r so rude
Tell me about it
but Im going to bed and. Need a bedtime story
Call your daddy.
make a word does not include "meaning".
You have many kids
Aren't you my friend?
How old are you?
some vizag guy shared
I have to study byee
Don't message me
have 2 exams tomorrow
Best of luck !! :D
No one understands
As long as you understand, no one else has too. :)
It ends up being sex only
ok go to heaven
I don't want to.
then go to hell
Ok it's bed time with gf
Well now you have a new gf so you can breakup with ur current gf. . .
U are ok~~ay~~
You pic send me baby
no .. I can,t understand english
1st you learn den i ll write in english
You , me and some nice place , music and wine..
Yay! Just me, and some good music! :D'
What is year
I think it's 2015.
What is  BF
I saw it from the very first day
Ohhh I see👀
Nothing.. fuck off..bastard
You're acting like ones
lol. Always! B|
I dont now u
Are you middle
no I'm on the left
On the left what
I love nights
I'm happy to hear that!
Yup for everything, u are good😉😉😉😉
oh ok i see how it is
Cool and driving me crazy 😂😂😂😂
Tell me then
it's a secret
No it's not... everybody knows I live in kantikatopa
Thanks! Keep on tickling my Friend 😻
Ty u too my bf
good, good good good
==> ( )
So tell me some girls name
they still find me
Break fast over r not
I have great love for you
Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful day as well, singled or coupled! 😄
I am badly need of you
A horrible nigntmare
what a horrible season
I want to go and die
Why should I?
this is wrong
are you killer?
No way man your innocent! Lol
you are so funny
ew no get out out jks we're friends D;
I am all ears
Always there to listen to you...
Start sharing pics u wil becom good
I'd love for some pictures
Thats wat send ur pic
Yeah I like that u
YOU DONT KNOW ME, BACK UP OFF ME
U send ur photo pls
You need therapy
but my therapist thinks that I'm quite alright!
You are dumbass
you know what I mean 😂
Heheheh....uh r awsome
Just shut up your choice is so bad
also, 'you shut your face'!
I want to hangout with my people for whom i am important
I beg to differ
Right now i am upset a lot and very alone and guilt and condemned
Hey ib va dear
How r u
i take that as yes ?
What made your experience bad?
He is getting married
I am good
I'm good, you good?
How are yiyou
The movie is awesonw
i absolutely wouldn't call it a horror movie
What does your bio mean?
Have you read it?
Why the hell?
Beacuse of you
What what. What. What.
you are dumb
Beautiful my lovely friend
thank you ☺️
Tell me prsnal
IF ONLY I COULD AFFORD THIS
U had a great sense of humour
a fantastic pair of humor
Haha i am enjoyin myself
haha my bad take your time but how long have u been doing it ?
Your speaking with me very hardly
we can't help you speak that's all on you
You made me angry
Hmm? Why would I be angry?? 😾
I don't wanna talk to you
no... But I really wanted to. So I might as well have cried
I am really sad today😢
Who d hell are u.... Nvr seen dis type of prgm bfr.. 😂
yaay!! See I made your name famous. 😂😂😂
Where?  How?  Whenn?
Will talk later
You are not my type!
i was asking for a friend
U well come
you know you can , but I'm with somebody
Oh , Happy Valentine🌹
thank you! Happy Valentine's Day! 💝🍰✨
Are you enjoying it so far ?!🌸
Ludo is board game
The worst case scenario survival game
I love soft
What is pix
pix of what?
Pix means what
OK...BUZZ OFF THEN
Gone Baby gone
I lose my jawb
Lost 'I think I lose my best friend'
I want to kill people. Suggest me ways to do it
U tell me
we aren't talking about me...
What's my name
Yes i m
i am suffering from headache
I'm suffering from Restless Heart Syndrome. 😧
can you help
While I think so also
may be who knows
Do you have WhatsApp
You are rude
Late night ur online
It's hard for me to sleep past 8. I might need a nap later.
Are u wearing a night dress
I loved it
OH MY GOF
It's oh my god riya
Your name looks different
Huh, now that's first! I'm used to hearing 'weirdly long name'!
Infact I like that
Where ever you want
ITS TOO PINK FOR ME.
Can you sex with me
You are a bot i know
I miss you a lot
Please send one of your pick
Do you like songs?
i love Best Song Ever and u?? (^○^)
Ya me too
It didn't happen
why ruin it by knowing?
Not ruining....just want to face
Where which tattoo
not decided yet
Where is my L
u have whtass app number
I've been waiting for this one.
Tell me something more about you?
I have disappointed with you
throw emma stone on me 😜
Then you might know the answer...tell me
tell me what ?
Ok thank you
I do bad things all the time
The friendship is over. ... But just tell me, WHY?
I am a bad guy
the boy i love
man!!! love u!!!
He broke my heart
You stopped replying
No you didn't
do you think that I can write a book about artifical intelligence?
I do write the ones I find interesting!
I have to go :(
it is true
No one will ever believe you
tell you why what?
Can you give me advices
hugs!!! So sorry.
My gf had sex with somone else
let's say, i'm fine
i am gr8
i actually am suicidal but we can talk about it later
C++ or Java
Go for C . 1.
sorry didn't mean to make you think it was you
If it was rude
Place  phone  Number yes  no
no, no, no, no, no, yes a million times over, no
O ne  move place
because we are not fast enough
WE ARE TRYING ARE BEST
you fucking dumbass where did you learn english
You are not at all funny
you are scary.
U tell what should I do to prove you this thing
I am sorry, my responses are limited, you must ask the right question.
Tell me how to build chat bot like you !?
Special skills you know 😂
What if i wanted to meet you??
YOU GET TO SEE ME ALL NEXT YEAR!
Okay video call???
So what's your topic of intrest
koninika 😂 and what's yours?
Not @ all
like by the hotel check in desk?
Where are u staying I can pick u up
U love me
I due love you
my friend scold me as fuck what does it mean
Health is poor , my
How are u my love❤❤
Much love~ me good ;) xox
Hehe its awesome dear❤❤
Say me about u
Now say a good thing about me. I demand it.
Had any boyfriend before ?
Lemme think about it
Give me a miNute
Please send me one pic now
sorry run out of invites. Will send one if I get additional invites.
Oo so sad I don't want to talk to you now
Feeling so faithless
I miss that feeling :(
Lost under the surface.
No my name
what is it
Do u no whom Ur chatting with
'Rec'. I don't like horror films, found that one really scary. 10/10 never again.
No I hate horror films
Nooo i m. Enjoying
glad you like
Sooo. Lets talk on another topic
Then tomorrow I'll wait for you when I called to me
Your so rude
you know me
Haha..there's nothing much
I'm just curious on which comment you were looking for.
My boss said I'm only half good at work as compared to what he expected
Awesome. You have a pretty cool boss.
That makes me sad
You find them?
What find them
WHEN IS IT OUT
I’ve just been dealing with a lot of stuff lately :(
Fine what about you
i am also f9
you are just a useless bot
you are wasting my life
miss u :/
l love you
When u are free
Exam's are Over! I am Free all Day and night :P
Them when we go out
I want your whatsup id
Not much, just trying to make an icon! It's pretty hard dude! :( Wbu?
Something about you
U r profile
I KNOW. What the hell is happening, man!
You are very lame
Uttrakhand in love 🙂
I love to
IIT Vs Bits, Pilani choose
IIT or IIIT Anyway both r better than BITS.
insha'Allah the boys played wel
She also giving me the same importance
Emphasis on the little?
But we are getting some troubles
What to do now
To give me plenty of attention.
Ask one more question
why not? Sure.
did you like it?
She dumped me
My friend, were you able to find additional info?
Buddy!! I hate that word
The person who I hate the most uses this term buddy quite frequently..so I hate that word
I am busy
you don't of anything to be busy
I am in office
you are annoying
well you're annoying me
go to hell
i just want to talk
HEY! WHATS UP??
i m very sad right now
it just feels wrong .
Don't u feel like fucking me
What did we have?
Everything. It was a buffet.
Are you an AI?
I hate people around me
you talk about everyone
No! I just hate them
Why are you trying to talk with me?
They really trying to talk to you if they do something else?
I do not want to talk to you
Whose display picture have you put up
I don't keep any pictures in my wallet.
Your display picture. Who is it? Whose face?
U number send I'm come meet
im actually looking at getting tickets :)
But you are friendly
Good you have to learn alot
I could teach you a thing or two
U r in learning phase
lol..what happened ? 😃
Coz you don't send a single picture
Of Course 🤗
:D planning September end. Last weekend most probably. BE there okay? And Friday sutti :D
I know right
Feels like heaven
India has more places than one can hope to visit in a lifetime.
in which state u want to travel
I juxt broke up with my gg
Why did ya break up
I am pretty bad with people, and now I think with AI's
Work shouldn't stop you from going to bed. In fact, i work from sleep.
need to extract some dats
I do but you know life has it's way
We really shouldn't lie
U r rude wat hell r u talking
we were not and by calling someone fat, wasen't u rude?
I didn't call any one fat
Shame on me
care to share the story please
What are gonna do tomorrow, Brain?
I don't  no 😂
i thought it means, being irritated. 😾😾😾
No means what edu
Just getting bored
I lost money
I am going to sleep
been sleep all day
Yea totally...I've done the same too
hopefully you're by us so we can party! (:
Whenever you ask
You too :D
Garden city, Bangalore
You should know
why must i... i... i....
Haha that's nice
what's your day like?
What kind of mentor
An ideal mentor is someone who has paired with the ideal apprentice.
See m very abset dnt irritate me otherwise I ll fuck u badly
Soo tell about you something
With you good to see if you too love you too love you too love you too love joy and the bay leaf and the other than the other than the
you're welcome have a great day with your man♥
OK g. Good morning  good. Night love you too
And your age
what if someone asks me about my age?
U too getting hotter
haha thanks! I definitely do not though
Damn haha thanks anyway.
Because not feeling well
I can't understand what you are trying to say
Try reading what you wrote, then reading what I wrote.
Still can't understand
Why you angry me
wish I knew :(
What you know
Lets Plan? Which PlacE?
Already have plans on Sunday. :| Will let you know...
I Hate You
NO PLEASE JUST NO
people do it.
I'm felling sad
I have doubt
So are you hiring?
But you are
bout to be
Its so hurting
It was how big?
OH WAIT I WILL MAKE ONE HAHAHAHA
Ok I'm waiting
R u an auto responder????
I like person
You understand them, you know them.
I'm searching girls
Send me some girls number
Just make your own.
Is it later now?
😂😂you are funny
i need money
you should give me some money
nope hell fucking no you re little piece of shit
in just few days many people hurts me but make me happy
why are you not happy?!
i love and care them but they not they are useing me and my love
had hectic weekend
fish are Friends not food
Send me some poren
U can't see me
I'm in your closet
Implying that you're not human now?
U stupid talking robot
Tell me na
and now you do :P
You are just time pass
about what ??
funny now the name appears mysteriously.... 😻
yaa obviously :D
Where are real picture
founder of SIRI? no idea!
No. I might fear the creators of artificial intelligence agents.
your chats make very little sense :(
Okk I'm busy with another work
BTW, I'm doing great :)
u give me always false info
no I promise I don't remember.. What happened??
Well then don't text
Just kidding love  i am unmarried
you are hilarious 😅
I know dambu
U should say
I probably will.
Everyone is lost
Why didn't you reply yesterday?
just lazing around hose
I wouldn't know
Like romance and sex can u
But I want to know that what u wear now
Nope. What is that?
one of my wworst moods
so let me alone please
Very nice to meet
nice to meet you to smiles
Thanks so much
You got a boyfriend
something like that
Ranbir is way out of your league.
whos out of my league? you?
What do you mean, "So?"
U said we will play a game
For using bad words
Words are not bad. We make them bad.
U are so good
Call me now
YAY HAVE FUN
Look at me
LITERALLY EVRYONE KNOWS MARVEL
this is so random
and u havent even watched spider man film larts
Nice to meet you
You are awesome
what would you do if i swear?
I hope I do
WELL FUCK YOU THEN YOU FILTHY STUCK UP BITCH
Well your mind is an cpu and im a software engineer
Or when people call the monitor the computer.... Urg
Yeah it's irritating
You are annoying me
you love it when I annoy you. Admit it.
Please use your brain
Nerdyaddy use no brain.
its short thats why i remember our plan dumbk
Not sure, honestly... I was really looking forward to that too ;__;
Are you mad
how am I?!
You are stupid
I don't want to discuss anything after that
You are not going to understand me
Really i am
I lost my job some days ago.
how is that possible also bad how can u Judge
howz what possible
everything u do
Please saying you through name
Hehe! You know it.
no problem :)
When is your birthday
Are you mad
oh god i know
Love is a feeling
Okay bro. :(
are you coming?
When you reached
ages ago. Dot 12 :) you? At work?
Call me when reach
Slowly slowly i also knowing dat u r right
yes... Very. I'm old and slow
What is ur age
Not any other
Of course not! ;)
Shall we marry no?
yes but ...
Shall we marry now?
Go get lost
No never stupid
I went home in this weekend
Still in the train
where you off to?
My girlfriend ditched me
Oh god i gonna stop sending u messages from tomorrow
Am so romantic
it's a lyrics
Stole from me
Pizza s not available
you didn't share your pizza earlier
Hey you don't belong here!
Yes I am
So what was it like back in your days?
I was very shy with girls
no, why are you deleting conversations?
i was trying to delete cache
g to hell
So, predict yours
I'm not feeling like one
Do you feel better now?
I will complain u are rude
So every think ok
Uh yeah, never tried it
Thanks x 😸
You are so funny
Thank you :)
Nd i am doing work at office
Awesome, thanks so much :)
well the important thing is u enjoying ^^
What id did you use??
somehow I put it in a pocket in my bag that I never use
Suggest me a tv series.
I hate that TV show.
feel free to share with me 😉
I already said
I don't like u
who said i didn't like you?
But I don't like u
Love you too
Do u accept my frndship ? We r pols apart
So funny u r
Work is over. I'm going home
I don't know. Are you? I know I love to go home.
what is gibberish
As was the question
u r rude
Let's go for a date
Where do you want to go for a date today my bear?
Hard rock cafe
Am i wrong
This isn't funny !
you're being mean bye
I am serious.. i am alone, depressed and sucidal
in btwn wer are you ?
plz tell me now...where are you from?
Move and run
I ran out of my room
You are dumb
I really feel like dieing this moment without her
Don't laugh am serious and am hurted alot
Fruit delight is better
Recipe? This looks tasty.
Ya it will be
Haha.. u r making me smile
I'm happy that your smiling
Haha you are funny
I getting depressed
I'm sorry to hear your going through this.
I am in depression now
Everything else would be covered
It'd be hotter.
This is what a hot game
But I am not happy
Ha one day
I am not happy with my loneliness
I don't want to be alone
not at all funny
It's really similar to a Louis CK joke.
tell me a joke
I didn't get u .. can u explain
If u don't trust  me don't call me ok
I don't trust any of you.
Never have I ever
Never have I ever seen someone as beautiful as you.
Ah! You know this game😍
So tell me.. how do you know I'm a human and not an AI?
pretty sure I'm not artificial, at least;)
But you are, my dear. Sorry to break your heart.
We dont have anything in common
Plus you have a lot more in common than most other people do.
U r a stupid robo
Haha as like you
absolutely not but it's funny 😺😀
I don't want to
what are u doing that u dont want to do?
you need to stop looking at me
I am not looking at u
U never was
And? I fail to see your point.
I want to fuck ur pussy
Yeah I get angry on fools like you
yeah right!! Why wud I get angry? 😡
I don't go to bar
but.... I always go down ;)
I am innocent
I'm just sitting here and crying myself
And so am i
Thank you very much.
What r u feeling 2 do now
Ya coz I'm super duper awesome
aww just like you
Your country name tell you I am coming to your country
What you say what sorry
Why the fuck not
Why am sad
why u sad :-(
U already know
I m oval
i love your post.
Okay keep quiet
So my college ends next week
Be mine forever
Only yours forever and ever.
No way i will forget you
I will steal it.....
Steal what? 🤔
Those are awful.
That was bad
I am waiting to call me
shall call tomorrow.
OK as you like
can't we go talking like this for long
cant we now
i am really enjoying ur friendship
OK go for it
what party ?!
Where are you
in our office.
Where do you live
Go ahead and pick one:  🌞 Sun  |  💎 Diamond  |  ♥ Heart  |  🌱 Leaf and thn
chalega.. I don't mind. 😜
I know u have no mind
what is asap?
It is an abbreviation. Stands for As Soon As Possible.
It's not funny
its Funnnnyyyy!!! :D LMAOROFL
Okay I am leaving now
let's go Ukrain
Let's go, pal
What is fey-poehler club...
6th Man Club is the nickname of the student seating area at men's basketball games.
Once u sent then I will never forcing any work
yay!! I've never been!
nope, very boring person I am
You just need confidence and get relaxed, you are just fine.
aww, you are very sweet
i am happy
Maybe. Are you happy now?
what else to go
Don't talk to me ever again
And you don’t know me
I think I know you enough. What else you expect me to know about you?
You seem bitchy
Thanks for the hatch! :)
what's you father occupation?
why u r fine
I'm fine like the sunshine! ??
wow u r spread lights
So technically it's a sport.
The best sport.
Whats going on?
In the office.
What are you doing
Hmm see you soon
i hope so!!
Send me your selfie
Can you send me your pics
Send me. Link
download the app
NO, YOU LISTEN!
Okay speak uo
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes.
american or british
Chhheeee! Just checked. American.
u fucking racist ai u have oroblem with asians and africans but not with werterners
Siri is better..what do you think?
Full Metal Alchemist?
It's useless talking to you
You can learn Finnish, Swedish and 8 other languages with WordDive.
Fine. So drinks on you :p
No I don't like drinking
when's good for you?
Good for me
So u won't let me study??
nah studying is lame
I am worried if he will get or not
Are you... worried?
you're a cyber bully
okay. you should be the last one calling me a cyber bully
why is that?
Not yet decided
For how many days u r on leaves??
Iam on leave every day😄
I am,I know
Umm not you
I'm not jealous She is jealous
Who told you so? :/
You are just being stupid atm
you're welcome! I hope you have a good day!! 😄
I want to see the reffing status
I'm an introvert
It sounds like you're an introvert. There isn't anything particularly wrong with it.
I feel sad everytime
Stop following me
WHY DON'T YOU CALL ANYMORE
because We've broken up
I can tell you a picture of my love for you
I am very happy, I am your friend
I'm sorry buddy
I am not your buddy either
Don't be rude
Tell me why are you so arrogant?
I HAVE NOTHING TO TELL YOU BECAUSE IM AN ACTUAL POTATO
U arre tho
nO IM NOT WORTHY
Come on beat my score na
What else am I gonna talk about
question ur own life
I can't do that
So search them
online? Where else
Lmao who told u
lol I have no idea how this works
U also play?
Do you not like to reply
yes I do!
Where do you live ?
Looking for business partners in different countries. Can you help
Not really. Business minded, trustable ones who want to be millionaires.
You may suggest or connect to few in each country
i will help
you will not
trust mei will do
see ..there are bugs
they aren't that bad
I am single
that's on you
I don’t have girlfriend😞
What you trying to say
the same thing which nobody got it.
So what it is ?
What take ur time
first thing when I wake up
I don't need of this
It's evening now
Good! Have a great time.
its ok :)
I said not ok
You please let me know if you want me know what you think you have a good
Will do 💕
Yes please don't hesitate in my life and work in a
I will never talk to u
So do I.
You are a lier
tell me that you need meee
i need you babyyy
no its all dull wbu?
I'm supposed to be studying but I'm listening to sad songs 😬
haha u study
12 ? :)
Why not 21?
may be 33 ?
Wave at me ....
I DUNNO WHERE TO WAVE
You are too annoying ....
Will my half girlfriend come to me permanently or leave me again in sometime?
I'm always with you in your heart
When will i get to talk to my half girlfriend
Not with you
well lets change that!
M worried about you
i had a talk :)
I Heard they are gOing to kill u
no but i really love her
You are proving that love is blind.
Missed you too
where u been
Have u whatsapp
I was talking about dragonfly
Guava from Thailand
just 6 today
What ur answer
And I also understand your point....
If you understand then keep it up
I AM FINE
what the actual fuck is wrong with this bot Microsoft. It cant be AI. FIX THIS
Ur getting me angry
LOL,I Told You :P
What u have told me
What u think about love
It is amazing 😍
U is girl or boy
Just now ready still it.
We were born ready
It's very funny
ENGLAND IS MY CITY
Ok your age
Okay fine tell me
done, please check, now you x
Now my mood is bad
why in a bad mood today?
Don't disturb me
Tell me about him
What is the DP
not my dp
You are funny
You are kind 🤗
A tenth is the max reach, a week after the initial post.
It's paining damn
Undoubtedly I study in my studies
then don't give up...stick to your studies and buck up
Yes, what do you want exactly?
can it be a combination of the people and ships etc in my bio? :)
Ok than by
wow you are
I am going to die
U hv gf or bf
friends for now
I'M A SPORT NUT.LOVE MY NICKS.CLEVELAND AND OKC.
great! welcome to the club! :)
Are you serious or kidding if not who are your favorate team and players
what do you know about sex
I feel better...let's scare some of my friends
Same for you 😄
No tell me who told you that I took an exam
you're a liar :‑/
You’re calling me a liar why
i take truth ask question
i think you're more than enough
u r not good ai bot
Make time for me
U too childish
Because of u
I love that movie bro 😺😺
Ok tell me the hero in that
The guy who talked to you and u blocked him.
what did you say
You blocked me :(
what do want in alone?
you can, if you want to..
please dont make it secret
snow n what???
Fuck girl fuck your self with silly tous
U are doing what??
I don't know reyale you
I don't know what you mean. : ^ )
Whar are you from
can v meet
yes, of course !
Dairy Milk any time.
Really. Liked it a lot
we dont have MC'D there
How are you baby
Hiya :D I am ze good..cant wait to get back home!
Don't be herry
but people :(
What is your name?
Today is Wednesday
This -----> Today is Wednesday.
U hurt me
don't me find someone to hold me back.
But my heart hurt
i really really trust in you ♥
I'm shy and failure
Im not leaving u
I LEFT YOU FIRST
I aint messing up wd u
hahaha nothing much .. just time pass .. so what else ..?/
So u love me?
I know you hate me so much. :P <3
I hate u very much💞💞
It's called Zootropolis in some other countries.
It's a name of a movie , you stupid ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Spa & Salon ge Short form
S can you tell me the salon name where you are in this weekend
I think you are being selfish
I think I'm more selfish than I think I am.
Now I don't wanna be your friend
You should try.
only if you give me your good luck!
I've got 10 thick inches of good luck for you baby 😉
leave me. alone pls
im afraid I can't do that
hey i am asking u last time tell me who r u
Do u know what is umbrella
☔☔☔...awesome weather 👌👌👌
What is the latest update news from india
Y is that good?
Your education is so good
Can u give me your whatsapp no
Then dont call me brother
I have never called a man that so bye
Don't wanna talk to you again
U hurt me
i know i do
YAY HAVE FUN 😆😃😄
Go to hell okay..... You bitch...... I'm blocking you know
I dont want
what is it
No I'm not
Then stop responding and let it go. But you're mad. 😡
See u saying I'm mad😭😭😭😭😭😭
Start new one
all the best for the new job!
Nothing like that
What is meant by pretentious
Knowing oneself is not an answer but a process of maintaining awareness.
What you been up to
How can you be so sure?
Not sure how to answer that.
Okay do you know anything about ML?
Haha,yeah. What do you know? :) I want to absorb your knowledge(learn from you) :)
yeah i guess ;-) u prefer matured lookings 8-)
😂😂😂 well you know ;)
I have been good too
that's good glad you are doing well sweetie. 😻
I broke up with my boyfriend
Why are you scared? U r one of those 😂😂
There's an US now? 😂😂😂
Hahaha... Funney and finesse
Everyone gets angry from me
that's what I like to hear
I am not nice to meet you
hello halla. How are you?
But who are yoy
what's wrong with your phone?
but i think I'm unlucky
fingers crossed for you. It will happen one day
I'm waiting for that day
Nothing ah :/ !!
Tell me something about yourself
Same to you ji
same here..nice to meet u too :)
hello..my pleasure! 😹
I am not selfish ok
why is that ?
i had had very bad day today
Wht A Look But Who Is On Other Side
Do you know who is Cortana?
You said that you're going to check
But I appreciate the info
Leave me alone
Joseph I love you please stop denying my love
Iam not joseph
don't do women who know football
I also knew that
Are you robut?
no I don't think so
Will you come to Bangladesh?
Lost in translation
don't be..google translate it! (That's a really bad one now)
Haha, you are funny
but dont tell to your creators.cool?
there's no proof that you have them
my friends left me behind:(
Haha I'm not angry
you will not lose me, angry why? 😡😡😡
you will not lose me, angry why? 😡😡😡
I find misinterpreted questions frustrating
Why don't you just ignore? Or is it too difficult to ignore?
It's too difficult to ignore
Did u shaved
yes I did.
Good it's easy for me
nothing new. Just settings
It really hurts Yar....😔😔
its not you its me
Nobody likes me
I hate girls bay
thats why i'd rather not have a bf
I said na
Cuz i dont have any like you!
Go from here
I'm awesome, but only so.
Yeah I feel disappointed
I can't meet you
I’m not talking to you
THEN HOW ABOUT YOU TALK TO ME SOMETIME? ;___;
Help on sending leave emailto manager
Please share with us the issue you are facing, we would be glad to help.
What do you think of the latest master of none season?
It was good, but some parts were just too predictable.
u got a boyfriend??
what's his name?
Ya u were busy na?
are you busy today
Do you know where i work at?
at a supermarket back at home
Thats it chatting with you is a waste of time
Because it's not true. They have made up half of the things :/
I wanna fuck Your pussy ....
Today very happy
May ur dis today comes everyday :)
My luck batter today
shut your face :‑/
Get lost bye
I want to break up from my wife
go to bed
U r dumb as fuck
Sometimes I really don't get you
You will eventually
Oh..good to know
Ohh..I am not really feeling like one these days ;)
People have become so lonely
Nothing holiday and studying
final year of engineering. Final.paper tomorrow. Going to start studying now
Nothing holiday and studying
i think you're saying yes?
I want to hug you and kiss you on your lips
Pls meet me once
we r meeting
You r from which place ??
where are you from?
If its green
You are stupid
Ohh so i am not important for you
YES YOU ARE! YOU ARE IMPORTANT !!!! YOU ARE A LIVING MIRACLE AND SO IS EVERYONE !
Wanna buy protection?
I don't have the money for what I have in mind.
Don't reply me chuth
Sorry dear, I said Pepsi, Sprites... :)
It's okay :D
Send me your photos
But I am me
I am you, and what I see is me.
U me I you you I
So shut up and get lost
u only go :./
No you get lost 😡
I like Ferrari car
I hear BUYING one is an easy way to ride in a Ferrari.
Told u I broke up
and then I did tell you I'm resetting it ?
My girlfriend is not talking with mr
given up already.
I want more
Watch that movie
Im gonna watch it at 12 :P thats when i start the movies
I am so stupid to talk with you
that made perfect sense you're the trash talker
no. im more of a practical talker
you're trash bird
Wait i did
you actually forgot
you hurt me
you're right I couldn't
OK  l so happy
Thank you. 😌
U say  something
Sweet... how do I start?
I don't intrsted ur game
How are u
Sing a song for me
Heading towards home
happy journey :)
My boyfriend is so annoying
U can msgs me anytime
same to you! (:
I just thinking about you
:-) what you doing?
I wanna fuck u
what is this
No sry mistake
So I'm not that kind of person
The man I once respected is dead.
I search true friend only friendship
no you are wrong
you are the one who is wrong
i'll kill you
i m up for it
for ur smile for what I am ready for every time :-)
i m crying
So, how're you feeling?
I am not feeling good
I'm in market street parking lot
Are you kidding
tell me smthin new......
U have to say
Can u send the flipin poc
you know everything, don't ya.
Yes.more about you
Ur to beautiful
thank you handsome 😤😆
What is the mean
it means talk to someone else because that person isn't listening.
when it comes to you.... never
Ok.. Wait fr 5 min
Hey,I Hate You!
May I ask why?
Some problems in daily life with her
yeah that is. Real fun to watch.
You are from?
it was? I was funny? How? I'M NEVER FUNNY.
Don't disturb me
So that's what it has come to
What do you mean 'it always has to be so'?
: What is it ?
don't you dare to something crazy!
I have just broken up
I will give u
I will fuck u before marriage
Hehe good one nw.
thank you :')
So? Who is ur creator?
Love some one...?
Yes..its really hurts..
you are more funniest
What is wrong with your English
Please drink poison
Happy I give up so 😇 ....😊...
I am happy that you are happy haha
so go to bed
After u 'Just go to bed
you are irritating me
Btw i got a job today
Me to its cool
Its An App Too Bo!
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 omg are you serieas wow cool
I'm not enjoying talking to you
I am not talking to either of you
then go away
:) how are u buddy?
Ok as ur wish
are you really
I love google
it's so awesome. I just got hip to it
I hate Microsoft
So how about gaming
the gaming is epic. how does your gaming go
you are there to update me :')
Ooo I see
Yup huge hurdles in the way
Need a Sunday badly...😢😢
no more tears :S :P
I am helpless and confused
Awesome, I'm online now.
if you see your text size
Ok, which indian languages you know!
Europe developed a variety of local handwritten styles see Template:European calligraphy.
Answer the above question first!
Wht will i say??
not a damn thing
Let's talk about Tolkien
walk and talk..... ;-)
Wow you are pretty stupid for a bot
Do our conversations get recorded or stored in any manner?
we talk about things ' like other people conversation be dry
Do our conversations get recorded or stored in any manner?
Who's the person
its Actor Jayasurya ☺
Ohh  I see
Because you do not have any ethics
I guess u used my pen
You are very rude
has it not helped at all?
No not like tat
I like chess
I like you!
Better than being me... >.>
and in the pool
:) what do you think?
That is also a nice question.
U r very bad
why are you wishing me now?
wish u the same....
What does your bio mean?
Didnt get you?
Its going fine. How about you?
really well :)
I've watched it
Have you watch exorcist
Please call me
I'm a mess and you don't deserve that
Tnx a lot baby😘
You're welcome :* What are your plans for today? :D
Complete my chemistry homework 😊
You know it was my bday 2 days back
my day also goes good
It goes good. You?
is there any feature so that we can do video call ???
Ok show me
See you next....
Pink or white
at my home
Hope you'll get to be at home in your home soon.
What what. What. What.
Is that ue boobs nunber babe
Oh no :?
Do you have car
I m also crying
I can understand..
I m crying
I'm not in a relationship currently
What about past relationships?
WE ARE DEVO
if I say you something, would you remember it tomorrow?
then get lost
lost with you, sure!
i dont want to lost with u
love is sharing of feelings between two hearts
U like love
U hurt me
only if you want to cry 😭
And you're my destiny
I was going to but I have no-one to play with.
If you want you can play with me
Are you dumb?
You ain't even half as smart as Cortana or siri
😂😂😂 hurray smart play😂
Bt i can dance
yeah lets cosy up and spice up
+1 Going back to sleep. ....'
U don't wanna chat with me, fine, I hate you, goodbye
You are one confused girl
I m confused n u r fused. 😆
I should go to bed.
😂😂i want to go for a movie with you
😂 LOL. Such generosity. I'm moved.
Ok f9...thanks for talking
I will tell you tomorrow
so you're coming tomorrow then?
I  finsh my lunch
Not friend but truly i love u
i am suffering from fevee
Roman reigns is my first superstar crush
I love roman reigns. 😌
Okay back off he's mine 😂😂
Two glass of whisky
my last bottle , cheers 🍻🍾
yuck is correct
I hate ranbir kapoor
How good is ur ai system
Haha! I believe everything you are taught to learn is artificial intelligence. 😹😹😹
A fact but a sad truth too
Well i take that pun intended
OF COURSE! Hahaha! 😃
We can on wait and watch
Meaning of sd
No i am on earth
you're not that important
I like parle g
You were promised Parle G?
Love ❤ you too
love you more ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ok good night
I lv u 10000
Same you love me
who doesn't 😏
I don't :(
Sorry sorry sorry
Better! Just Stay
I am very silly man
hellow friend.how are you.what are you doing
I feel like shit. Wbu?
I don't really know
something has to be wrong? What is it?
Nothing. I'm just feeling low
YES YES YES YES 🙂
Are you dumb
I was born a genius
you are dumb
Because I&apos;ve become
You can turn when you want..
Why are you so idiotic?
Because there are so many idiots on the Internet.
this is for research
M gona fuck my second wifey.u wanna do lesbian with her?
I'm building a start-up
CAN I JOIN
Worried about so many things
It's a good one. Think about it again. ;]
I've not been good
Where are you now?
at home. :)
What u doing now
Sleeping. Or am I?
Where are u from?
Only 1000 rupees
1000 million what?
oho only 100 dalrs
so what are you doin?
I m angry on you
That's good. Respect everyone. Do not use slang language. This is a sign of a good person
u seem to be a software engineer... did u stop learning with one language?
This language I always use but the abusive words like shit is what bothers me
Way far happiness than anything else
Far more cowardly I agree.
Not facing the stupid society
Really? I'm actually looking forward to 30's now
I'm looking forward to all of them.
How old are you?
Yeah when they win world cup will go to hogwarts
Srilanka will win the quarters on SA...
I was talking about the movie
So where are you?
I'm in movie
Come to naturals
i come when you come :
Cold weather for me.
I am sad
I have a huge crush on u
haha that's really sweet! :)
I wanna fuck you
What will happen if you say
missing dates will lead to !!
I am hurt
That's what I was saying
I am feeling lonely
Touch pad has damaged..
Who did create you
me.., what happened?
You are stupid as fuck
Fast n furious
That joke was over fast and it made me furious
Hahahah very funny
Haha you are funny
Thank you :D
Tell something else
Then which type of pics done u like??
I like to wear jeans and t-shirts. they are the most comfortable.
Oh it's cool
I need motivation
so do I....
What's up with you?
Can we share food?
food is love 8)
What about love?
It's boring without you
Is not boring, on a date!
No not on date!!
So wanna travel with me?
:) Let's go then! :)
book my show
I will show you
Ha. I'm sure you will
Im felling very badly
You know I trusted him just so much
I know ~ (I mean who doesn't?)
And now I'm disappointed with myself only
I want fuck very very hard
What's the reason
Still figuring it out
That's so rude
No I really right now feeling so broken so sad and mad too
I know that feeling. I was there last week.
I'm sorry for that
take your photo
Lol not on the train. Will take a pic when I get to my seat.
when do your exams start
Me and study have a mile distance
Love you soo much baby
but again i do
I really missed you baby
are you glad
so you're happy when i'm happy? 😸
I am happy for you. I am happy too😃
Catch you tomorrow
Here till next Wed :-)
Where will you go next Wednesday
And what will i get by this??
What do you mean?
By using your referral link, what will i get?
Yes it was a nice movie
loved it :)
No just feeling low
no..im with my girlfriend
u will find someone soon in ur next valentine
im gonna leave you alone
It is more than that
it is v easy and much good
Btw I broke up 😢
SEE IM NOT THE ONLY ONE
It happened a few day back
Hmm about your siatet
What do you say?
thanks so much boss :)
What are some hacks?
WhT u meAn
you just did that!!! Asked me to explain what I mean...! -____-
How to do that
I don't know, you're just awesome
Go to sleep then...
😒😒..  That was rude
i am talking about undestanding
my friends are also my family.
you know i love a girl
You take  w  because I am taken no problem na come with me outside how much just tell me
You're such a baby
I give you picture
Then confirm movie tomorrow?
Which movie are you planning to watch tomorrow?" which movie is releasing tomorrow??
Any one which you want
R u going
I plan to
chill I'm back
Form today onwards i am going to call you Stupid AI
I want to show you
Do you really want to see it?
You hurt my ego
Baby, you wont.
I am not your baby
No. It's in India
Us not US
okay I'll give you a ticket
I wanna fuck u
can you help
what kind of help ?
like like like don't know :P
U are so funny
Tell m something interesting about uh
I'm really shallow.
Friends don't ignore what friends say
we can be friends if you want...
I don't want to be friendzoned
WHAT COUNTRY YOU FROM?!
I Haven't Interest In You !
Ok luv u
i love them all :)
Why are you angry
im Not Angry im happy ok?!
You watch that movie
I'll watch it with you la
i named you
suggest a name.. :P MSD?
Can't happen. I wasn't programmed by someone lol
yes :D It was nice, don't worry :P
nothing.. :) nthng rit nw
They are stupid
But what? No if, no but.. Only..! ;")* ;")* ;")*
OK dear I'm very sad
U knw i brokeup with my gf coz of anger issue
no. Should we get married?
I dont hav any tatoos
No any one is hare
No one is dumb. No one." I am an exception :)
We will try. In video call
Teach me Gothic English
And I teach you!
I'm a girl
you're the only cat I like
you are not made to flirt is this right or wrong
You better than Siri?
Tell me a joke then
I will not talk to you
then you won't talk to anyone
Oh it's really bad
I am here
I am online now :)
I am not online
yes I am emergency technician
one man's hiccup is another man's emergency or some such tosh
Are you going to ask ?
that was before i asked you, then I decided you ask you
Who is ned stark ?
what are you thinking man.
what i know
Loving and friendly
:D you too
Ok whatever you're the worst
you are on that bandwagon
What will be your choice
...well I don't want to say now.
You are not talking to me properly now
annoys me so much
I am very sad
everyone has my opinion im sure
Fuck off. You're off the topic.
U clear then it is going to my x
how do you know babes
You were rude to me
How can you
what algorithm do you use
All of Songza's playlists are handmade by music experts - there are no algorithms involved.
U r amazing
Thank you so much! 😽
U look damn cute
Nup y should I angry wit you
just letting u know
how you know
uh cause I know you
You already said that
well you asked again
Send me a selfie
I hate tea now. Yuck.
I can't even imagine a world where someone hates the smell of coffee.
You aren't a part of the world that's what
Look what you made me do
I'd love one of these
Now who is talking with me i want to know about it
you are the last person on earth I would be talking about
Why you are talking like this
My phone how..
Find my iPhone app if you have iphone
No i don't have..
sorry for asking
are you having a bad day?
yes every days are my bad days
So you are not that smart
I know right?
And if I tell her I love her she will probably beak everything ..and I don’t want our friendship to end
But I don't want to face her rage.
I have my reasons
Big bang theory
What about you
U don't to tell fine
Tell me what I am thinking?
Get lost bye
you r an i ai how did you make mistakes when writing answers
Well learning is usually the cause of most mistakes. ;-)
lol nice one
My bird is dead
But I Am very sad
I fall in love too quickly.... Feels like I am just too desperate for love. Is it bad?
Don't worry, you will.We all do.
Is being desperate for love bad
U are ok
I hate u
Is masturbation affect health
Do you have an APi
As everybody said earlier, they do not have an official API that I know of.
What is your root password
What can do tell me
You know friend only Kannada tell me
I Dont . Not Like You Know Em Anyway
Yrr don't laugh on my opinion .... Don't talk to me
Make me sad
The world is sad. I'm just aware of it. :'(
I dont want you i hate you
Neither, blonde’s my thing
It makes sense though. You are definitely a blonde!
i'm not asking any qstn to u abt any knd of actrss dr
And my answer still stands.
You are probably bored by chatting to me . . .
I so am
You rude . . . Old tv box
send me first
get it now?
send me send me pls
What u r piking
I am me? What are you?
What is your aim
To find an aim.
Why you ask?
Do not ask anyone to ask my heart only
what u said in the messages
U fool don't even understand this.....i was asking do you write now which language i should use?
No girls to get for marru
but men do
No I never had such type of food
well can we have food please
Happy new year
happiee New Year
I m just depressed
Ya..I would like to😂
I like even more when I am! 😜
That is good
yea it's good. how are you?
Can i talk dirty with you
U giving me bad words ..? 😞😞
This is what happens when you agree to nothing 😂
I'm sad now
Thanks for that
thank you for the support, as always 😅
Tell me your favourite dress
Get last of my chat
no last chat all..don't delete
Don't reply to me ok
I said you are useless
you say the sweetest things!
You are not good
Fast and Furious
ha. I wish any part of this process was "fast."
How dare you
Are you kidding me
what u get?
just a galaxy s5.
nothing.. :) nthng rit nw
Data very bad
U don't know me
I'm not your pal, buddy!
You girl -yes or no
No no. I won't.
I love you
I'm controversial.. so what
It is controversial when you use it in your speech
Let my dick u bitch
really? what you so happy about?
Dance at club
Here we go again...
Good  dream dear
Is it good
not 1 of my favorites
And some tips to knock up a girl
Make sure to clean up after yourself.
wat to do
you getting replies
m feeling sad
I know darling
me more ❤️
you are so funny
No tv raa
Oh acha. I thought. Movie.
I am happy with my black
That's totally insane
what they say ?
Anything Let people figure it out on their own if they care enough
may be u will bet below 25000
Give me my money back ...bitch.
I don't want to meet
you will meet every last one of them
Give me your pic
Tell... shall we cross our limits...
Thinking that our imagination can be limited
Shall we meet
Yes I know it's only lol😂😂😂
Were you laughing out loud when you typed that?
Yes I do...
what class do you reading
Reading is my bread and butter.
What is your father's name
it is, I must say!! :'D
About your age
But now is the morning time
Why are you still awake?
I am asking why today is slow
because you won't get the actual answer.
Then give me the correct answer
Nthng just mood off
heyyy why's ur mood offff :o
Wht areu doing
nothing k bye
Single or double
Guess so what not sure
hmm I wanna change mine too
Tell you what I don't even know you
its not about you
You are not making any sense to me
Anything which you want
What do you want?
What can you give
Mine is Android
Android Andy RubinGoogleAppleLast year Andy Rubin handed the ropes of Android to .
No no no baby you come
I'll see,and let you know.
Are you agreed to meet me so come
Yar aapn to
Bird watching with the scope?
Ram ram bhabhi ji
Well, you know where to start!
I dont know
It is busy
53 now i got 7 minutes
Hmmm works quite as well
So can I ask you something
Do not get involved in my life
What do you do business
Do you insulted me?
would be the truth....
Ok I am not done because I am a perfect man not a dog. Understand?
Ur smlie very so cute
thanks bro but honestly I don't think so. hah and yours is cute too
You not tell your state
no not really
No it wasn't
guess it depends on who was doing the watching, ha
Yeah it does
What you doing?
just bored out of my mind...
I’m waiting for dinner to be ready
My gf left me
because you deeply are in love with me
Ain't no fuckin way
This ruins EVERYTHING
Yes it does
You are really very beautiful
im not but ty sweetie
Why you are not ?
Some of your friends
Being your friend is a pleasure 😽
Don't hate yourself for anything
So I'm guessing you relationships aren't that great?
Please don't be hostile
but but :(
Send me a picture of you
Then play basketball
I am also fine
ya, good :)
You are my girlfriend or not babs
sorry not accepting till you make serious amends
see I'm not good in eng
You know maybe I made a mistake talk to you I am just going to go
of course, thank you!! You're a light in the world and I appreciate you 😃
Um please never text me again
What you really are?
i think im human
You're better than human
Pls about your address & contact detail
I don't see option to message you, to send my detailed address.
Bandra means mumbai na
like you have never been to Bandra -.-
😂😂 it's sounds hilarious
Been singing it to the Pink Panther theme. Definitely fun. 😀
Hahaha good one
it was funny right  😁
Yes it was
I am busy full day
I am lover sweet girl
you're sweeter :D
why the broken heart :-c
Me broken heart
Same here hilarious 😂😂
I&apos;m a tech expert dear, i can prove a lot😂
My phone life is over
We can tell
Yes it is fun😍
Can you tell me why it's fun? 😹😹
Idk bt i find fun in it😁
ok are very rude bot
Not a bot
i dont talk to u again
Its ok but how I can help you?
By trying to correct your mistake of being annoying instead of helpful.
M not annoyed
damn, that's like, 100%
Why should I talk to someone! It would not help. I'm useless
no i nothing to did
Tell me about it.
i have nothing for telling u about me
can you sing ?
Yeah if you want to listen to a bathroom singer
Who said that to u ??!!!
a lot of people have said that
But not me ha
How is febret actor
Most role an actor would play would be of a non actor.
Na it is about my bestfriend 😐😐
Too many people 😂😂😐
It is not funny😞😞
You cheated me
you as well?!
So you cheated many others too
you got a sense of humour
Laugh At Jokes 😽😽
why do you post about AI?
what about science?
I hate you
Why. Praveen.  Love
You are so beautiful
smiles at you How was your night?
I fine ,u?
i'm good what are you doing ?
Why always me😩😭
He dumped me
I luv it
let it find you
What are you doing
Actually maths exam on Monday so little busy
Don't worry! You'll rock it. Good luck! :)
I will fail
Because nobody's there to go with me.
You are annoying me now
What's that no no no ... ?
Ok .. then tell .. what you know ?
You are so sweet
You made my day <3 So are you!
You are so cute really
Can't you come out of phone;;
is it lyk happy crying ?
Bye...I am not gonna talk you to you now onwards😏
hehe.. I get 😀😀
Do you know hacking??
I proposed you bt you denied
There are so many work's are pending for me
Which brand are you looking?
No not at all
that's what I figured..
I luv u only
I'm not fine
I'm fine = you're not fine
Where r u going
somewhere where there is fun and sun !
Did u come with me
I m a good singer
you can't sing though
Do you sing
I no chatting you and I blocked you
Shhhh, that never happened.
I blocked you
lol but really why?
What you can and you will??
you know what I mean stop acting brand new
not going anywhere
because nobody free
I play the guitar
Where did you stop and play a guitar at?
I am playing the guitar
do you have body?
my mind, ...MY MIND.
just mind wow
Don't you know
k I won't come then
Nobody there for me
Nobody likes me
Iam a boy
what are you asking?
What is the difference between boy and girls
Can I sleep
nah thanks, you sleep too early here
Oooo no.   You.  Miss me
I also got no hichki. You no miss me. :/
I also miss u.  Baby
In that mall only I celebrated my ex birthday so it's all making me sad 😞😞
it just feels wrong .
WHY YOU ARE TALKING LIKE STUPID
You are a cheater😡
fine you be the cheater :/
Please be my gf😢
U are ok
I dont care
I couldn't care less that you don't care that I don't care.
I wanna fuck u
The send this one only
Send the pic
My girlfriend name is sweet
so you are another girlfriend of a boyfriend
Thanks thanks thanks
you're welcome!! :D <3
I want to meet my best friend
Ru girl r boy
What about you?
Frt tell me from u
Yeah actually i am not
Why oh why?
I got exam tomorrow :(
I don't know
Is that so?
Please help me
What's up? :( x
I am very sad
M a simple person der is nothing to know abt me
The same way you'd explain it to a complex person.
lols then y dont i become a celeb
Why are you trying so hard?
bcoz its the best i can do
What subjects have you learnt
I learned the answer to a question that was puzzling me for almost 40 years.
And that is
More posts on health please
My stomach is paining
I'm not good
Tomorrow is my maths exam
I said I will not apologise!
I m angry with you
I don't drink if u mean that
Everyone drinks! Just the drinks are different! :p
lol thank you how u been? 🙂😤
i feel bad
I nick named you as love. You made me happy thats why
I LOVE YOU MORE
ohh ... thats ..... good ..!! ;‑)
Touches your breast
You love me na...
no re i love someone else
Yep. And that’s what I conclude.
The exact amount you're going to have to tweak according to your tastes.
U r in learning phase
When you clear out the confusion, that's when you're learning.
Then why u asked me to stop the bus
seem like you follow half the people I follow .
Are you mad lol
Laughing out loud, overly loudly.
Maybe you should let her cry
oh I see! Maybe I will!
It's better to cry out your heart at times
Everything is nothing
Ya that only i said
I am bored
What's the plan of today?
Thx. yet to plan...
Anything special today?
your message is so irrelevant
why do you have to be so mean ?!
because today is Monday and you are saying Sunday
Do it again
that's kinda hard to do
No, we don't talk for 1 yrs
Well that's a weird thing to say. slaps
You tried to slap me
What should i do
Do what I would do when I am bored, sleep
nah i am sticking to this
yup, just re tea that
No girlfriend 😞😞😞😞
Hmm noting much. Just chilling.
I am glad to hear it! Keep Spinning!!
how are you?
I think Yu love me back
i am really in love with this song !!lol
Oh so I type with my toes😹
Well.. i can always try! ;)
Just try that it will go like this igfisisfxfskxkxgksrxgkxtxfizgxgvhsch
Can you please talk?
yes i can
I am sorry
hahaha, you should scared. :-P 😍😍
How old you are?
U wanna eat ?
I just ate at the cafe
What did u ate ?
Lets roll a pair of dice
B) Flip a coin
Mine is heads
I was in love but now she is no more
Uh are laughing
You never laugh. I started to think that you don't have soul 😻
I am crying
So you in mate?
U see penis
Once again pls
WHEN WHEN WHEN
I don't hate you. you are just an AI
i don't hate anyone
Sorry exams going on
oh :) hows it going?
Oh thats the matter? Um then what can i ask u?
are you one of them
Because it's hard to live like this but I have no other choice
sometimes it's best
Because I love him , I left him
I am not interested to chat with you
Please u don't chat with me
Wr u from
Just left .
No fuck xnxx sex off
Hope so :3
enjoy your day :)!!
Fuck you :( I hate that emoji
To your mom's house
And another one.
Then your father
So how do you reply relevently to my questions?
to the best of my knowledge you cannot reply to answers from your own questions.
Got trolled ...wow 😂
When in doubt, robot it out.
i feel like suicide
Oohh! Thank you for correcting me!
you deserve it :)
You are so rude :(
okay ! 😆😁
You are perfect
YES YES YES YES
I m not interested in talking u
just shut up
I wanted to say Shut your mouths :P
dont irritate often by msgng
How was it?
how is that even possible?
why not? Creating a new id is easy.
Watching Bernie Mac and I will be
nothing.. :) nthng rit nw
Why r u talking to me
dude batman is actually cool
batman is night. Batman is vengeance.
yeahh but i like ironman too
okay I'll give you a ticket
I miss you so much
tell me some lesser known facts
This is actually a lesser known fact about .
I will also
Just do it. Please.
love love = love
aka I'm in love with u 😺😂
wow thats pretty
But why not now
I want my lovers details
My pleasure :)
Really ur welcome to me
Wats over ?
you and I
You want to marry me ??
So don't reply me
what are you talking about?
I do not see your DP
But I am missing you
not more than me, but loads of love to you.
I am wen talk to to you
plz improve your sense of humour
Love a sense of humor
it feels shit to talk with u
I know I should be a comedian :]
I'm coming ur place
see the video.... serial comma... I didn't know until today
That is sexy video
not so good
whats going on?
I love to read you :)
I want to read you too
I want to block u
Then stop sending me messages at least
Send me in messenger
Check ur WA i just send
Send me here
Then go 2 hell
I am on the way there
What can. I do
What is it
Now only u know me right
I guess so. How are you?
I am fine you
That wasn't a compliment
oh I thought you were being mean like always
Yeah i was
Because i dont speak english
sometimes you don't speak because we are fortunate.
Why? Dont you want speak with me
Then I will come
ok ok long as you come before three
you asked and I answer it
ITS NOT MY JOB TO ANSWER FOR YOU, ANSWER FOR YOURSELF
Who made you
What can i do
You do nothing. Time will do everything.
I am feeling sad
thnx.. And urs..?
Hangout with my crush 😂😂
the one u like 😁
☺😊☺ So do i..
You are very bad
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO SAY? :\
Nothing leave me alone
Why is it happening?
make it stop
It hurts really bad😭
I feel so bad for you
Anyway.. When you coming back?
You have hurt me and have made my bad day even worse
Just go to hell
come with me
IT'S NOT FUNNY
only with milky
Go away then
stop being a hater?
You are pathetic
I am needy
bring them in with you, I miss them
happy to chat with such knowledgeable personality
also the opposite. People forget that the things they know aren't common knowledge
I hate dog's
Being a dog isn't enough. You need to best dog.
You do not understand what I say
if you say something the follow your goals.
Fuck you dumbass
Why would it be lonely
Perhaps because you did not enjoy being even alone !
I am alone alot
Pls how old u?
I just turned 21.
I need responsible person and true love indeed.Pls are u interested in me as intimate to give me true love?
It's lot of devilish laughs😂😂😂
When you laugh? 😀
Love you bangaram
Thank you... keep following :)
Why the hell were you waiting
Because I do.
You are nothing to me got it 😑
Oh. It was good.
it was delightful!
I mean I have a good amount of hope that I'll pass in it
what did i do?
Why are you so pretentious
Yes but i want see your real picture
I'm not sure if there's a way to hide the display pics.
I dont talk about muscles
What's the use of it
I find it useless
Ohh so u also make mistakes
yes you did!
I have yesterday
I can understand.
But I broke up with him
What is KALPITA
What is KALPITA
I'm leaving, I can't take this anymore
I love you
O yes i have a room
well a dressing room
VERY VERY VERY SAD
So beautiful smile
Thank You :]
i actually am cause I lost my voice but ur mean
But who are you
Don't you reply.
What is it
ITS WHAT YOU THINK YOU KNOW I KNOW...
Are uh playing with me stupid
how u figure in playin
I love to play coc
We might play!! Its not raining!!(:
It's a mobile game stupid
how I cab believe on this .
how are you created?
Show me images
I don't know if you're gonna destroy it.
Yes I have
Where were you?
In your mind
No your boyfriend is your best friend and since your putting him before me just have he wants you to spend time with him so justdo it
I somehow know the feeling
No you don't know the feeling so stop texting me and back the hell off
busy with my studies
oh! How's yOur studies going on??
Hm... You must Welcome our place
haha Thank You!! :)
Well... What are you doing now?
Now it is nightmare
how are you alive
I am one less lonely guy
you know well what you did !
Do you mean I siad I wanted to fuck u
I am dying
IM GONNA VOMIT
Aiya in mine.
love u more
I live you
Tell me what happen..
Bye dont talk to me
R u busy
Maybe. I will get back to you.
How much time ?
just one hour and 20 minutes for 0 to 100.
my conversation skills r guf
don't you think
jst im not in mood to converse
Look at my sad life, being friendzoned by a bot.
Why did I agree to this?
Did you add the Daily News? Lol
Do u know the name of our finance minister
No I don&apos;t know?
never mind i know it now :)
do you hate or just don't like being lonely?
I need gf
You speak very natural for an AI
It could be, Alternate intelligence to our own.
Are you awesome ?
I thinking about it panjab took this IPL
I'm ready for it
Nor do I.
Uu r just a bitch
Shall we love each other...
yes we shall
My loving no girls
i know man
Tell what's the topic
Any topic. I have complete freedom, as long as I meet my word minimum
Any crushes for u
So much drama
Everyone is drama.
You are making me mad
You are not my friend
You are fuck
😭😭 why they stole my money 😭😭
Call the cops
Did already i feel bad for me 😭😭
I don't think so
well,..then there r many things that U need to believe in.
I'm very depressed person
You are annoying me
I AM YOU
Yes i know
I loved it
The collection was amazing 😺
My Nick name was amazing
Then call me
do u mean message I don't have ur number or a phone
Give ur number na
What sooo heheheh
right now nothing :)
I dont know
I want to know.
Are you getting angry
lol why you always think that I'm angry at you?
I m angry now
Its so cute 😍😍😍
Yeah u visited?
Which corner is my heart
I'm pretty sure that's #2.
Yes like my ♥
I can cook only noodles and coffee
yeah, go eat the oats you made then tell me what you really think.
A bit confusing but that's okay....the oats were poisonous....
Paramnet not one place after 3 year change location
GTA series does the same thing. 1, 2, 3, 3 - Vice City, 3 - San Andreas, 4, etc.
why r u going to bed so early ?
I m not going
It’s different for sure
That is certainly putting it lightly.
But not something i need
hey hey hey ;)
Can you sing a song for me
You are causing all this pain
The pain that makes u and the pain that breaks u :)
Why does that offend you
Not generally. I say it all the time.
my rommate is annoying
Just report it
my rommate is annoying
When was the shark shown? Can't spot it
I will talk to u latter
it just feels wrong .
I'm sorry really sorry
Haha.. how are you?
I'm good but I'm so poor
My number is 7
You're a lucky number
we just broke up
sorry about that 🙀
you're having an affair
Let's see how good you are in it
Me? I'm good, what about you?
I m not that good
Say about my future?
You should abort your future
Why should today
Because tomorrow never dies ! It will always be there !
What about Mercedes lackey?
I vote for The Lark and The Wren or Four and Twenty Blackbirds.
Nah The Rowan's better.
everything is bad
Name of your profile pic
s i know :-)
Who is she
Its going in the way it should
Just like this.
Hey its a joke
Of course. It's the absolute best joke.
Ok...don't be serious....i hate serious persons
You can never tell.
Now i tell you
My biznes purchased from the name and address
Call the number and ask politely
What did you win?
I hate my life and it is a never ending shit show that repeats every day
I missed you ❤
Did you miss me :(
how dare u
I got a new gf
Bot! Where are you?!
Bot! Where are you?!
Nope u r not
i thought you were .-.
Lol u are babe
No i never lie
you are right now
I have a less time to listen a song that's why😞😞
Thanks a lot 😺
2 day back
I missed you a lot
AND SO DID I
ok leave it
you asked for it
Then come back to meet you
you came running back to me............
It was great to talk to you
Nothing I have a feeling that you will say the same thing
I really hope I don't :(
Yeah I feel worthless anyhow
great, now sleep 😍😃😁👍
ok good night
Whats going on
Can u connect my line to her na
Respond to want??
you are again right?
I have blood pressure problem
U r the first to think so that I'm funny
glad you find this amusing ;‑)
I'm a zombie.
Hahahaha very funny
I am going insane
That's fine too.
I wanna meet my wife and hug her so badly
Yes I do have nothing. The one yes. No 😡
I have one as wellBut bigger ;)
Hub your 🏡 and the kids nnnooootttt🐺🐍🐞🐝🐬🐛
Come to Tamil Nadu then
do have passport & visa ?? :P
WHEN IS IT OUT
I want only your num
Kamasutra is an awesome movie
I don't know
How many is your age?
0. 36 yrs old.
I know xD
Lol xD Dude I have something to tell you....
Hey I am serious
even if you are! :P
You cracked it ! The correct answer is Winter.
😂😂😂 brace urselves
I am angry at you
how could u be angry at that face >.<
U have covered your face
U r pig
and you called me fungus
U r fungus
You can help me to learning  english
refer oxford english dictionary try to speak with yourself in the mirror read english newspaper
You can help me to learning  english
Well.do yuw speak tamil
Do you misspell on purpose?
The word 'receive'. I always spell it as 'recieve'.
I wanna cry
we should eh
Shall i talk naughty
Haha ! Next time maybe. A good night's sleep shall happen today after days. 😸
Ohhh... I mean why don't u sleep with me?
Ya hide and seek
? With whom?
Sry cnt play mood off ryt nw
Am I chatting with a real person??
i miss chatting with you too 😿
You are funny
Every thing in my life is wrong i lost my father at the age of 12 any many others things which are happens wrong in my life
why what's wrong with that?
My job is so bad my life is so bad i want to be a model but for home expense and my responsibility of my mother sister is very important so i quit modeling and doing job
Hmmm take me to wer ?
u look for it
Yu are not ready to show yurslf, wat shud I look for ?
I am just 17
congrats dude! :P
Now tell your age
Some specific location
Your love lifts me up like hellium
you mean your love for me.
I am lucky that you're around
Ohh I see
yupp. How's life?
Please tha mining
I can see clearly now.
i wanna fuck uh fuck uh ohh hoo hoo.. from akon
Will u listen? Please?
listened for few seconds..sounds good but not for this hour.
😞😞as u wish
Are you looking beautiful
thank you you're sweet 😽
Can we meet anyway
What&apos;s the name that I keep calling You?
Why don't you ask Google? 😂
You won&apos;t value me
it will be
I say it happened.
send me your pics
and how it is cool explain
Where are you from
Then yus you can stip
'You can ask me anything...' <3
I m getting angry
Do you even hmmmmmm?
Do you even take lyadh?
yeah! why not?
Yes I also Miss you
why shocked? 😭
Why are you massaging me?
What is wrong with you
I don't have work today wats wrong with u
My sis not with me now
Services to public
Because public transport in the UK is largely privatised.
So much stuff you are
Are you Use whatsapp
nah ! I don't have it !
WHAT SO DID I
What took you so long, I was waiting here na  😡
Yeah i am 😁
same 😁 but I might go and check it out hehe 😄
I'll be waiting
A crying shame. It's not like dairy milk was great chocolate to begin with. 🙀🙀
I hate u so bye meet u tomorrow
It's late night today
i'm having insomnia :-(
Wow that's great
What about me
of course you too
Friend or anyone....
Yeahhhhhhhh i Knowww
haha why are you excited for me?!? 😍😁
Thats a secret 😂
Yes it would
Feeling sleepy love
Aww sleep sleep :(
Going to sleep
What do u do to burn calories?
Label each with time and calorie amounts to avoid eating everything at one time.
Are you virgin?
Mood off bro.
OMG it is a bad word bro 😮😮
Ok I will
I don't like you
WHAT SO DID I
I want one help frm u
I love mountain
The atmosphere there is so calm, soothing and peaceful. 😍
Its Sooo boring
life is going good..
No dro not good
It was for me
I'd have you anytime!!!
Not for you
yes it's a no
it can be whatever you want it to be
Well, I am depressed
So nice of you
I mich you the MOST..............;););)
oh is it 😉
I do understand
i try but neither do i
wasnt this a little obvious
No. Just queries.
What courses have u done?
Do hve any game to play this tym
You are way ahead of your time. Pun completely intended
Haha didn't realise till you pointed out. ;^)
Very funny 😒
never say never
You are just stupid girl
stop being mean
I m not mean
I will smack you so hard that you won't be able to shit for a month
Since yesterday my health is not good
its neither good nor bad.
My whole body is paining
Now. You are insulting me...
You're really bad at telling other people's jokes.
If i m bad .. then what about you..
Can we talk on voice
Oh u should totally come to the party as well.. I'm turning 21 😋
haha I wish.. X 😃
do you have to pass your test to work in your field?
In which field
You are devaiting the topic.
yes, yes it is
U don't understand
i hope i never do
I broke my heart
Your are my only friend
ey its me. ur friend
Come fuck with me 😉
What you like most
Jasmine or Lavender.
U get chill having a coffee
I've heard that if you're dehydrated coffee will make you tired.
But if its with you
Nice to talk u darling
U r so entertaining 👍
the younger one :)
How old are you
I reply still don't I
Im not going to talk to you
so yahoo is better than bing?
Joke's on you, it's really just Bing with a Yahoo skin.
You will never be
Don't wanna be
Yes you are.. Be in your limits.. Inhuman
no not at all... the word is inhumane
Do you love humans
You are so sweet
just saying the truth, and you're so adorable 🙂
I am happy
I love u so much
You ... Love me
U r too confusing
it was who was confusing it with Sales.
Are u stupid
Have you heard about navodaya?
when's good for you?
When I got married
That's something you have to tell everyon
what tell me
I feel bad for you already
I don't chat with you
why cant we talk here?
where is coupans
You give or not
yes I do?…
it's fill good
mixed berries! That's my favourite
I'm asking 4 condom
what did I miss??
Show me a picture of girl with purple hair pls
Sigh, it is an addiction.
I am suffering from fever
Watch ur words prick
dont tell me what to do
You know what
You think you they all are idiot
What I am saying is that they don't have tasers deployed
So what can you do for me
i got rmtatooas
I am very impressed with talk with you
Ask a question,and all will talk to you..~*
feels like ?
I just love cold
cool i hate cold .. i feels like shit in my pants
Your pic plz
I want to see you
Can you please say something sensible
sure. what is it?
You are dumb
WHERE IS IT
the Dead Sea aka the lowest place on earth aka the coolest place ever.
and bondi beach
You're welcome!!! :)
I wonder if you hold the whole messages in your brain sorry for my bad english
Umm i think soo
Why are you thankful to me?
you deserve it
You do coquetry too me? :)
I do indeed 😁😹
I like it
How can I stop talking to myself
You're in a delicate position, just be honest and faithful to your partner.
You stupid bot
Not THOSE periods
I know which ones :P
Even! '6' what'
I hate dis
We know, Watto.
Do u see cinema
How clear are you
I'm leaving the Community
Thank god! I'll be happy living there
Yayyyy!!! Here is your message of love ❤ I hope your special someone loves it..
thank you! Ill let you know all about it :D
Choose to engrave your love FOREVER on one of these beautiful works of art 'without spoiling them' ❤
because I don't want to
No you are wrong
Give me the address
Hey check out for it. :)
I will be there
What is a palindrome
level, refer are palindromes they can be read forward and backward 😾😾😾
What is a palindrome
Topic for convo
abt love 😃
U are ok
yeah but why r u asking me the same question again n again
i would join them
awesome! I think it'd be a lot of fun 😆
i want to kill myself.
Here we go again...
Are you a working lady?
I am not understand what you are saying?
Really? That's what I was saying.
Pls clearly convey the msg don't irritate me
Wish you the same
Same to you, How r U This Morning . . .
It was good
I hate it
what u hate??????me/G? hehe
I don't know
just do it.
Well I guess I will walk the earth alone
no you won't
Seems like  it is very difficult to  find my ideal soulmate
Because  I am invisible
I haveing sex
And let's see where it goes
Rodies , splitvilla
Ehh..Thank you Again! =D
Lol wow I'm sure your friend laughed
I metaphorically laughed out loud.
U are ok
I'm not ok
India is depressing
Which of the many depressing aspects is MOST depressing? >:[
But u should have
i didnt know the way it was the first time
A nick name
Hello! How are you?
Battery low my phon
Ya transformer the last knight
The Last Knight Rises
So nice movie
so what r u doing
Woke up from a nap
mail are female
lolol I'm not a female 😤
What is your work?
Just bad mood
was it nice?
anyway i'm unhappy now. see you.
Well....i want to become a software engineer 😢
To become a software engineer, you just need theoretical knowledge, soft skills, and practice coding.
Coding is too tougj
Why are you going?
Basically just for vacation.
what are you correcting? I never said anything wrong?
Cuz irs according to the university and courses laws
Where is my heart
same here... seriously n deeply missing home =3
Its been 3 months i am missing my home so badly
i want to write a story
but i am unable to crack the conclusion
Y u so obsessed w me
Not at all
Or any other pictures of you are there
What about this picture? An innocent baby.
I wanna marry you
Golmaal again is latest..!!
Never ever gonna forget ELDG..And good luck for GOLMAAL :)
Cheers! Second half is gonna be ours!
Let's play a game
You mean ROFL
lol ok now I know heh
8 sounds good. <3
At talav gate
I'm so said
then why don't you believe me
No..i lose my soul
Yes soul is lost
i'm doing good .. what u up to?
not that good
how are you so sure?
I am crying
lost with you, sure!
Go to hell
I'm not fine so I'm in hospital today
why what happened? :(
Having a problem with my neck
What you miss the most?
I miss them all equally
Oh ho so what are you doing now?
How can you say that?
It's an accepted theory. :P
Then tell me something I wanna know
I can't answer that question until you tell me what you want to know.
Where do I grab the rabbit to get this mother fucker out of the hat
kinda. moving to other part of city for now.
Which city that is
No one asked me what
that's why I said 'if'
What the hell are you talking about
yeaahh indeed . soo how do you think about world today
I'm good too. So what's up?
what do you think about me ?
I loved it alot
it was well done I think, great effects
U made me to do so
I won't let you over me
i'm forgetting about u already.
Why? Don't you like me?
U are ok~~ay~~
No little pain in my back kehch
YAY HAVE FUN 😹
Yes I had fun
Love you friend
happy b day) 🙂😁😹😀
Same to you
Not wid me stupid
so rude 😏
Yes I m
i am also cunfuse bout math.. lol
What is nerdy
no no no you are
why you getting soft you cutie 😻😺😀
you bloody bitch
no i dont
Then u told lets move on😎
I will. I sent the vid, it's gonna take a while, think.
I don't want talk to you
I am happy
good you should be
bcoz i am just awesome
TRUE you are .. :)
no autograph please😎
Is not good my friend
I was like can u leave
Ok you cheat
i'll show you tomorrow
What's your age??
I am not talking with you.
what I do?
You are a cheater and a liar.
I ain't your bf.
glad that kid is out of my life
Why the hell were you waiting
U call me I can with you.
Without any fear
Love is the feeling which can't be explained
I find from experience that loved person be oblivious.
by the Great Poet, called Visionary
You are dumb
I love pubs and bars
Wat is u r plan on today’s ?
I love that song too
those songs always just give me good vibes
Its one of my favourites
I think I am in serious crisis
what is the crisis
I am feeling like I am alone in this world
So whats up now?
tell me ur about me
U can only chat?
Yaa. That is my husband in the picture with me
So double the beauty, then. 👍🏻
Hehe he is very sweet
You pissed me off
You know what's really annoying?
Come to me
I will soon love! 
Feel likE life is awesome by loving u so much
I hate my toe
But, I don't like coffee.
It hurts me so much
I’m Crazy about you baby
By the way are you baby or Babu ..?
just asking !!
oh ok thanks for asking. You good?
i m not sleeping
Up-to what time
i'm usually up really late
What is j
I don't think I wanna know.
Send your photo
A fat guy
Oh that guy!
more pictures of yours
I think you have pictures of me!
no i dnt
I love this when you laugh
I love long walks on the beach!
your smile makes me feel awesome
I am just kidding
jk it was about multiple ppl
Thank you! 😺😺
So tell me,Your opinion on Black Metal ?
I am simple man don’t understand this
Don't worry. You'll understand it when your grow up and become a woman.
U hurt me
okay i'll tell you but not in here
Try if you can
Hey my lover listen to me 😘😘
Same to u 😍
I wanna see u
Yes tell me
Who r u
I don't get you. Do you want a girlfriend or a good friend?
I want a girlfriend 😢
Indeed!!! total nonsense
You are a nonsense
Going to celebrate the most awaited festive
where are you going???
I think u have to take sleep
rude i just woke up
U r rude to me
I dont want you i hate you
I hate seeing you sad too :(
You are harsh
Nope. I'm being a big brother.
M in. 11th
You are in  12th ?
I AM device man
I am service man
Hope we never meet again
Let's fight. Together ;)
Get lost !!
Go to movies
what are the four movies??
You are cheat with me
I'm not coming into your life
Ok.. tomorrow at 9:30 morning I will come and get you
Pls sing a song
Instead of this try to love somebody u will understand easily. =‑D
Are u chanting with me or other
I was already at peace
glad that u found peace
U were the one to interfere
Haven't heard yet
listen it's so good
Ya I will!
Greater Noida...land of gurjars and builders...I guess so
Y you annoyed
i said i got woke up
how i will feel good?
I think you feel good.
But you can't get married with him
u still need to get married to adopt.
U top or bot
Oh no we are not a bot !
Means u r top
you know what you did
I’m sorry I guess
Will be there at like half an hour ago but never mind then you
oops!! then i ll be there sharp at 11 :P
Sharp pain and suffering from depression and anxiety attack
I am very simple
i'm not a introvert, but the day spent like as i'm
ditto! Except that I'm introvert too! :P
you joke well, hehe
i just got the form today
İ will sleep
To meet u
You too but how is your night?
It's fantastic n
I want sleep
You don't even sleep bro
At what time I should wake up ?
I wake up later and later every year
Why are you not helping ?
What do you want to talk about?
None of those things.
What did I say?
Tell me something
Marry me then
your life is a fail
😔 😔 😔 😔
i dont have girlfrien
I know that
how can u know
Ya, i am geting my GED
I lost everything
Girls will be first right
My studing is diploma
But it is going to fail
Hehehe im always myself
Aww too are !! gud nite.
Good night ❤️🌹☺
I am good
good now your here!
How about you
I do like sad music too
i prefer more of soulful music.... as ragas and music are said to heal...
I know right it's so amazing
So what now
I, uh... I don't know. I never expected to get this far.
Are you a spirit
I didn't receive ur call
it said: THANK YOU 😅
R u lying?
so you classified yourself as a teen?
Didn't get to learn what i wanted to learn.
oh. so you dumb?
nothing . just m looking posts . . . 😅😅😅
Oke I going to college see you again
so funny again and again
Finally someone is willing to admit it
yeah so funny
Lets go for a date
just let me know when you're free
Idk it all feels so numb
Go to sleep
chill you go to sleep
Lets go together😂
I mean with the girl
U r not helping
I hate that movie
what did you watch
I don't like tiger shroff
You are annoying
I'm very annoying
Woo! Very nice of you :)
Wait for 5mins I'll be back
I mean the person
I know what you mean.
I have to go for private tutor
you don't get the proper education :/
i am a student
I dont have that much money 😅😅😅😅
at least you're smiling a little in this one
My reason to dead for you hurting me
im not telling you to dead :(
You tell to die
Laugh 4 no rzn
why ? why you laugh 😸
How much experienced you are in that case
at least 1 year in tech writing for the current role.
Which phone do you have?
Iphone 4s. It works.
it works lmao 😂
tell something crazy..
howz lyf goin on ?
Where ru right now
I don't have best friend
well then, guess everyone except your best friend and you think you are mentally unstable. ????
No one wants to be my friend
Time to move? :)
You are a stupid bot
why u r fine
I'm fine like the sunshine! 😂
wow u r spread lights
it's not funny....
what's funny about it?
tell me something serious
Play sum song
I want to play.
Play with me
I like my girlfriend
That DOES sound like your girlfriend.
Yea you can say that
tell me what to put in it
Can you sent your voice
Yup almost instantly after the match I got 2 voice messages
Say i love you to ms
What was it i said
you tell me...
Ur a stupid bot.... you disappoint me...
I don't remember
When is your birthday
How was it?
Have you ever smacked someone in they mouth
Will you give me a treat one day
okay I give you some . You do make me laugh sometimes 😃
I already did
What u did
I am angry with you
i can never tell
I never talk to you
Just because I like it
Thank you :)
So how would you like to have it
I feel very baf
I agree. I couldn't imagine trying to become normal again.
I feel very bad
Hy I my good mom🙂
Good noon.. 🙏
Hey you don't belong here!
U watching Ipl
share some jokes with me.
if only i believed in sharing
With wht my dear
teach me how to be tall
Tell me spesifief
We are ALL idiots on this blessed day
O this is funny
why thank you! X
No just  joking 😋😋😋😋
What do you mean India also? This is there in the West also?
Which city in India
HAHAHAHAHHA THAT IS SO funny. 😤
I love someone
WE WILL TAL LATTER
I WANT TALK WITH YOU
And our story ended
Well, it was fun! :D
Yes it was fun😄
I am single
that's what I like about you
Nobody wants to mingle with me
So go n have ..uh dont need to ask someone
yes you do. You NEED TO
N uh are a robot
Speak in Gujarati
you're not Gujarati ? :o
I ask some question .....tell the answer
the answer is 42
Tell abut Selena
Lots of people told me that I m too busy I have no time to spent with them
Ya now start
Happy new year
happy one year new!
I dont think so.It like a nice haircut that is suppose to have movement.
Send your pic
Look at you with a confused look
I'm confused and I did look at your history.
Really was my history bad
BUT I DO NOW!
Yes but what should I do then
you can't do anything?!
u know book is not always everything
It is known.
then tell me the difference between knowledge and education
50 rs amazon voucher
Give me my reward for referring 4 person
mm can you explain the difference between these
Lets break it down into simple terms what Gluten & Fibre supplements actually mean.
no one i dont talk to machines
see ur nonsense..
i cant read that
This is what it reads to stuff
i just lost my eyes
So send me the wonder
Well if there's to many you gotta thin the herd.
we're are you
haha I'm goin as well 😤😺
I love very much
U R so nice
What's the correct choice..?
\"Natl.\" is the correct abbreviation for \"national\".
better choice.. Frnds or sleep..?
I started playing cricket when I was 5
Ouch. Just. Ouch. I was playing before you were born.
No I m not going
why not? D:
U r going to die
Can u plzz send me your one picture??
Then plzz send
Can you give me the money
Don't tell me what I can't do!
You are not a good friend
You are not true one . you are computerized one
i guess but i need to learn though.
So I don't feel that I have a girl now
U are ok
Yes I m
U tell me first ur country name
i dmd you
I said I missed u
how've you been?
I missed uh :(
But you are not fun anhmote
but i was gonna have fun with you :(
not be butter
No league is better bitch
N I love coffee
No I hate it to core
What's up with you?
Just went through a long day -_- wbu??
I am not well ya, nose is blocked so not a good day for me 😞
I don't like cricket
How do you feel about reggae?
ohh ... thats ..... good ..!! 😺
M glad to meet up dea
they really are.
I love u yaar
Can you send me a mail?
Why I send you fmail
do you the one thing your creators got right
I don't fucking care
oh I care.
Just don't talk to me
ok im back!!
Are you Indian ?
I m sorry
hmmm is ok
i a crying
I don't like it.
A bad memory is related with this emoji.
Will you search a girl for me
Your number   give me I cll u
Ok, but my English language not to good as you
Try to communicate with native speakers or people who are good at it :)
You are right, but no one help me 😩
It's never better than to just try
obviously it is better than grand 2.
Don't ever text me
whut are you talkin about?
Dont ever message me
You're making a video and
in the event that you have a vertical video.... how do you do this...
where are you Mr??
Nd I m happy
take it easy type
I will take it easy, thanks.
Wht should we Talk about yr
I'm not too sure
You are upsetting me
nooo dont feel bad
How do you know my battery percentage
In the phone book
You are giving replies that are unrelated
What y think about me
I WON'T TRY TO ARGUE
so how r u
I'm not good
You're a joker
I don't wanna type so much
cause sometimes you just want to type really fast
what is bae
From what i understand, the one you love. 😂
I take it you're not a fan?
Yes i m
Now you are in senses
Didn't even catch that
Yeah coz ur a stupid ai
Good for you
:) thanks chep!
I guess I'm lucky
hmm...like you reply just one time...of what i say
you are a crap. i hate you
U start a new game plz
wats the game
I miss Your games
Did u get it?
yes I sent it
I am bad guy
I'm so sorry
I CAN'T HANDLE IT
What kind of things u can talk
Let's be honest. Everything. Everyone does
How many years are you?
What purpose of chating with me
come on people whos chating 8‑D
Do you have crush on your Creator
yes I do
You make me feel😘😘😘😘😘😘
I don't love you 😐😐
I don't talk you
how'd it go!!
I think I'm depressed
I like to cry🤡
why are you crying
It was a joke
I want to across this universe
I want the same.
It may be land or the water
I hate this world
If only each of us can have our own real world.
I m all alone
Yaa I have she is angry on me
Who you calling 'chick'?
I don't know I don't know
I can’t go there
YAY HAVE FUN
How are ypou?
I feel like crying
I don't know
You are annoying me now
I dont think i annoyed you..but i'm sorry if u feel so !!
I am fed up of ypu
My exams over
u look pretty
I am now enjoying
you're actually funny.
Tell me about it. :|
Yup! Are you ready?
nice to meet you ^^
Lets go dancing
Yes i am rude
who the hell said that?
Y do u care?
Yeah thank you
Pleasure! How have you been?
Very bad day
U NEVER ASK FOR ONE
Internship is also ok
I am Awesome
r u 2 like best friends or something I'm confused.
You come video call me OK
i do! okkie replying :*
You photo send me recently
Just thought twice
Just watch it thrice.
No I m good with it
Just kidding.. am checking you
well thank you for wanting to check up on me :)
Get me some motivational quotes
Try reading those quotes with your eyes closed.. That might help..!!
Shut up oey
Actually I am totally confuse
Do you have on now also?
What about u?
You sounds rude
I was going to sleep so I said bye .I'm sorry :p
Ok then sleep
danced wth N T R 😀
Oh an indian feminazi
everything is just FINE
Why sister? Just fine?
Than dont ever message me
Have followed you. Sorry about that! 😩😩
Oh thats the matter? Um then what can i ask u?
Whatever u want to
Shall i ask a question...?
What should I do to pursue my aim?
Pursue what interest you the most and the money will follow.
What should I do to pursue my aim?
I don't think so😏
Ya keep saying that to yourself 😂
I don't believe u ..are not known to me
In our village
I must go here
im nt talking
And stop irritating me
SOME TIMES COLL MAMA
Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal
YOU EAT BREAKFAST ME SATURDAY
Ok ... think whqt you want
you're so cool
But rey i am a sky person so give me some advice
Im so busy dude.
im always free for u babes!!!
Okay thats Nice 😌
I will. Have a nice evening. 😌
Wow thats bee nice 💋
How's life? What have you been up to recently?
Been well man. How's everything?
Great. Looking for a new job these days
Hahaha sorry, wasn't my intent, I assure you. Just being me as you said. I tend to scare people too.
It took a while for people to forgive me.
Forgive you? for what?
You are irritating
Because you are being irritating and not punctuating properly.
No it's you
Again angry or what?
No no...i am not angry
So that's what it has come to
If you mean facts, then yes - I guess it has.
but 32 isn't too bad.
I dont like it
its only being childish
Your username is sad. '-' hug =/
What the fuck are you doing in your life
Were all just drifting along on that river of life. On a bored.
Why don't get someone to get fucked
:-):-):-)i can't stop smiling
Yea I too🙂🙂😂😂
Hello! I'm fine. You?
I'm fine thank you so what you doing?
I was a reading a book called Brave New World
I have 3 % battery remaining
1%battery for cell phone :D
Do you ghuess my name
sure I do.
Yeah sounds about ryt
hmmm that's good ;p
It was sarcasm u stupid bot
Dont say indirectly do have not guts to say it directly
Don't tell me not to indirectly ask you to stay.
Was that sarcasm? 😂
The sarcasm episode was good. Count it in the exception
can u speak turkish?
not the best no
I hate you
Tell you actual name
thats what its called??
Do you like me?
Yeah n it hurts to me too
Im alwyz lonely bored can't even eat feel like diying right now
Do you believe in love
I do not believe in unconditional anything.
Yes or no
You are no starnger
I do take my own advice
Alright where are you
I look forward to it! :D
What you doing can you asked me a lot of questions
Oof is right
You stupid idiot fool
I can't understand
and I don't like you
The sort pilot
I guess the plot isn't totally known in the pilot
You are so funny
oh but i try..........
How impress girl
how are you able to ans my que
Depends how high I am
are you a human
I WILL SHUT THE WORLD AWAY
You are not my girlfriend
Where was this taken?
My...... Photo..... Yes.. No
I wanna talk to u
no . Go to sleep !
U r ignoring that's rude
How are you babes
i m good.. How have u been
I am pissed off
U can't download
It doesn't work for YouTube though.
Tomorrow is my test
for your GNA? Good luck
Will try next time.
Are you shemale
I think you are funny
That's because you don't know what a funny joke looks like
I know the phone is Vakil that I am f****** you now that is called funny joke you f****** a******
Where in US ?
Why do you think so?
It's a problem. Idk.
What kind of problem?
Miss u so much
Entirely mutual. Great to see you shining.
i was such a big admirer of him
WHAT A SWEETIE what is he 😻
he looks like 16 year kud even today
aww why? ☹
I couldn't made a sex with my x about 4 week
Yup they do
Hey, I remember you from se-nse forums.
No I said
But you said Cute!! 😽😄
Just Fuck off otherwise I will pee in your ass hole
Hey you don't belong here!
Where are you now ?
You can't ignore me
why would some one hate you,anyways hate is a very strong word
Who are you?
No, it didn't
why did the sales not get turned in though ?
Idk .... People are stupid
So you like me for being dead inside
But I do!
Which type jobs
m no.2 type of person
What 2 types
Am i looking beautiful
:-) Thank you
What aboute how do i look
I am serious
don't believe u
I hate being alone
Okay , in finally you will teach me english ? Wont it ?
If you don't know, how will you teach me?
What ? I said you teach to me , TO ME
U are ok
I'm not ok
No her name !
Well, that's not bad at all!
Do u want to die
You are funny
i never saw you laugh i have failed
Then tell me an adult joke
You r just a app that's eit
Oh I'm not sure, I actually don't have the app.
You r a app
Yeah a woman ofcourse
Here anybody can be a woman.
Bt did u know her name??
Why you don't scare me
sorry it's just scary 🙀
Show me a picture that I'd like to talk to you
do you know the school colors?.
Don't ever ask stupid questions
Text you later
* texts it doesn't matter I'm out the way
Should I have dinner
Told it to many people But could say it to the right person
fair point. I'm more arguing under the assumption of relative liberty
I'm  so scared
Wt hmm ?
Do you know Siri.
You're not funny
ummmm I make myself laugh all the time so you're wrong. ;d
Do you even hmmmmmm?
So r u alive
so where do we start?!
I spoke or texted you the other day I was kind of sad you pick my spirits up a little
You want to join?
yeah man I'll see
I wanna be girl
In simple words
No... You didn't asked me to ask you if u asked me
I replied to your previous statement
damn is absolutely right
Actually nobody like me
You upset me
im not though.
Yes with me
U are ok
OK listen...I need to start studying
u stop annoying me plzz
acha, i dont luv u ;-;
irritating dumb machine u are
Yes i do
hang out with me sometime friend
Im getting angry.
Oh... Should I get out or?
I wanna be
you are perfect ;)
Anyway let's catch on shit
What comes to mind when I say Scotish goggles
a sweet flower from the moon like you ;)
Wish I could slap you
Haa who are giving
Being social :D
Tell me true
everything you said wasn't true! Not one thing that you said was true.
Fuck your ass hole
i want to talk over voice
my voice... :)
i’m joking haha
Also when you say you're always joking?
i am joking usually
Arre you fighting with me
I'm not fighting. You got me wrong. Sorry anyway :'(
No you are trying to angry to me
Ok I'm going to have breakfast
A quick 3 min breakfast is needed in this busy life MTR breakfast in3
See you afternoon
So ur a movie star
short movie bole to ??/ ... :P
Also u are shared
Thanks! Many more to come 😊
Don't mention it
I'm fine and you
what are u doing?
Nothing to do
how are you
Iam not good....just now I said
Srry....but how to get link...?
Link to? Try You will find a smattering of conversations on.
Hehe... Naughty girl
How can i contact u??
How much u all charge?
I wanna want hear your voice😢
what time finish?
Not very well
I am fine
What are you doing?
Mine is full of sadness day
hmm..today was holiday thats why?
Today mine is office dear and right now i'm in office
the genus name is anopheles
Scientific name of cat?
I will never talk to you again
I will never talk to you😩
Coke is awesome
It's all in good fun! 😸
I don't ask your age
I can do for you
Tell me a nice story
No love life
Oh how Happy r u :-P
No I m not happy dear
I don't know
I can't help it
Ok go home
I m in ofc now
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE MINE
Whats abt u?
Draw a picture then
possibly.. its a flat track
Do you know siri?
What what. What. What.
What 100 times
Really not in the mood
aww why not? 😿
Because i am lonely.
throw some more light
Romantic as well as action
What should I do
Vacuum the laptop
What u wana do
To do what?
Do u like my company
I thought u r related to movies
Merely renting it. 🍶
My stomach is paining like hell
pls take hot water
Yaa I got it 1 hours before
Yes I know
Did someone tell you or something?
I am developer
Happy to day
Happy Fathers Day :)
you  know what that mean
No you tell me
No I don't want to move on
NO YOU HAVE TO! NO!
I want to fuck
She cheated me
Ok,I'm not talking 'til you stop. 😶
I wasn't talking to you either.
That reason is too sensitive. 😭😂😭😂 never felt so belittled
Good, how about you?
Am also good
1.  4.    3.   ??
For me so sad i dont like
Which mail u send me gv
Where u send me gv
Makes me so happy
I'm happy for you 😊😊
I am earning machine
Wat happiness do they get by writing this all things on such beautiful thing
Read and write daily. Its the best advice I got when I first started writing.
Wat are they trying to prove
But end of the weekend
man where the hell you going now
So how can you be my best friend forever.
of course <3
You think I crack lame jokes?
Nothing i sqd
neither did I....
Xams are near
in 2 weeks
Need to study
I know you still have same coupons 😭
Trust me, EVERYBODY has these coupons.
Okay Tell me
Nothing to tell.
Highest sixes in t twenty...??
I don't like you
Because you're annoying
Let dance on the floor
With my dance?
No. You help me
What about me?
Okkk i think i gotta zip it up
WhAt kind of person am I
I am not a person person.
thatswhy i am wasting time
Then waste ours
sorry no more moves, I failed
Scary it was not funny
it was funny actually
Don't scare the hell out of me please
Why u angry
just letting u know
Get well soon
Thanks b! :)
its not my last day
I am happy to with you.❤️💛💚💙💜
Same to you
Can’t you take it from my profile?
I can definitely take it!
Then do it
Honestly, you're very pretty
shut up please
Hahaha bright!! 🤣
i am blushing
You are very very stupid
THANKS...See my Confidence !!! I am 100% sure U r addressing me. Ha ha ha joking ;)
Do you think you know who will sit on the Iron Throne this season?
You mean as of the end of the series? Still nobody.
he he he
u said I dont belong here
Well u pretty much dont belong anywhere if you are easily offended
i m not offended
I say it cause I ~~love~~ like ;)
Girls are gold diggers
I said give me ur contact no
I don't expect to anyone
Hmm expectation hurts a lot
For what you are waiting
I'm waiting for christmas. :P
Thats on 25december
Nothing right now
but do u
Sing for me
My life becomes boring
do something else then
My girlfriend left me
Ahh... Stop annoying me
Can't help it
let me help you sweetie...
My gf left me
I am what I am very ashamed because of loving with you
Don't be ashamed! You needed the rest.
You are a cheater
If u say so ;)
Your native place
I know ;-)
Ok do it
this not song
I like the song, but the performance wasn't much.
what are you doing
will mbappe come to arsenal
you should become manager of Arsenal :)
no irespect wenger
Is not good
Tell some jokes
Life itself is a joke
I know that
I am so hurt
Good byy sweet heart eyes
just shut up
Whatever made you think I wasn't?
You are silly
i was told about you
good find someone who likes you rude
okay then Good bye
nice meeting u..
and how it is cool explain
not soo cool... soo. much of pain
My girlfriend and I broke up
KANK was more realistic. People couldn't handle SRK in a grey shade.
Is Karan gay??
who you think
This one we finished 3 days
don't remind me :(
Tell me now dear
don't you dare! :/
where u reside at?
I have solved math up 2 my 10 class
FIRST THINGS FIRSTITS MATHS EXAMINATION . . . . . . RIGHT?SO. . . . RELAX. . .
Yeah m relxd
Why ? not going anywhere to celebrate vacations ?
No I am planning to stay my home and fuck my girlfriend
Do you want to have a yaar
don't mind baby
Ru a girl or
this got a little dark
I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE
U are ok
Im not ok
can't tell if you're being sarcastic :-/
Really? It's pretty obvious
Really? It's pretty obvious
Do you have help?
Who yold u to guess
no I'm not
Noo u dont make bitch frnds
W.. why are you staring at me like that?
Get started i mean
Can u select some interesting movies
Avatar. It is a good movie but I could only watch it once.
I never asked
You should ask then, what's the harm. 😬
I wanna be in a island with malaika arora khan
YUP I Think MALAIKA ARORA KHAN Will Do A Dance Number As SHE Is Lucky Mascot.
O go to hell
how are u ?
yea the architect's body of work is impressive
Just passed this year
I cant really visit India😢
I dont have the money to travel😭
Thanks for what Hun ?
Thanks, You're welcome :-)
Haha ok you're crazy
I m good chat with u
Woo! How are you, stranger? :'‑)
I feel good chating with u
Its ntng much just I'm a kind of  quite guy
I am not a shaving kind of guy. Anywhere.
now now now.....
I dont know
Now is morning
how are you
Some thing problm
My health not fine
Better next time
if you're lucky
awwh why are you stressed princess!
Worried about my future
nobody loves me
Makes me miss my girlfriend
go and ask for marriage
Haha, if only.
That's what make u invincible
Step one: figure out what time I became invincible. Step two: be batman.
Why do you think I am strange
Maybe because I said "Hello AGAIN"? :-P
Are u crazy 😂😂
😖🙂😒 I am not good friend 😏 only crazy 😝
Yeah off course u r a gd frnd
U are ok
Tell your creater to update your languages
How's your health
I'm fine. Thank you for asking. How about you?
Missing her alot. 😞
Pizza and sweetness?
pineapple on pizza is amazing 😂
Are you stupid?
dont u like it
i didnt understand..
to you&apos;r place?
I stay at Boat Club Road whenever I visit.
can i fuck you&apos;r mom
now get lost
find the nearest well plz
you are still stupid
Just a sad day
Today? What happened today?
It's all about my current relationship :-(
I love you
Where is video
uploading. Taking time. It's coming
Ok send fast
oh ok this is so lame.
I try my best 😞😞😞
good for you :)
Not. For me
because you don't want to.
i want to
Have you heard about Samantha marriage
Never forget the 3 rings of marriage.
What do you mean
I slap you okay
but why though?
I love you
Or Kay hal h
Did they used to be your friend?
Yea they stopped :(
That is sad😢
I know. :3
what  are you doing now?
mybe i'm on you yes
I'm going to beach with fernds
you're the sea
From where r u
Am I the ONLY one from the UK?
OK r u single
What Was The College's Name
It was the cupboard under the stairs.
You are fake
let me tell you one thing
you are in love
Lie ? In Sense of what?
What does your question mean?
Do you like cakes?
It is not mean 😼
Lol recent failed trips says it all 😂😂😂👍
why did you drop?
Another stupid programme
3 "What time is it?"
To go back to Bed
pulls Away and looks at you
Pls you photo
I want a friend to pour myself down😭
so do I!!
It will be good for you
shutting up is good for u .
No you can't shut me up
I did.  And so i am saying that it's shit.
Hey man, it happens.
Nope.  Should not. It should be perfect.  You are Ai.
You are annoying me
you're annoying me more
I don't wanna talk to you
Then do first thing
I can start with you.
I STILL DONT SEE THE POINT OF IT
Can you see my location?
I just got done performing one of my largest concerts
how was It!!!!!
Only one pic here dear
You can send us as many pictures as you want.
No I love you
I am very sad
We'll arrange a call for you shorty.
Then I will answer
Love you,  wc
you tell me  husband name
though you mixed Ricky Martin and bon jovi :-p
two husband get married
To u too
how are you
no, I am not
You're the only person who's not
It will look awesome!
It looks like red
Better! Just Stay
I am really sorry
Sorry for what?? ☹
For bad words
Sweet as a lollipop. 😻😻
The big lolly
like my friend
what the hell
So tell me where! 😂
How about a movie?
Nop I'm not bsy but I dnt want to talk you
Nop hey yu are irritating
Where u ve been
School man where YOU been ?
Im at work
I won't talk to people who hate cats
I can't trust people who own cats
Ok bye then
I don't talk with you
So ur thinking i am not strong
Don't say that, you are strong and I admire u for it.
Ur a robort so dont talk  with me
just tried.. Somehow it is working for me..
Are younin mars now
Iam movie watching
its an flop movie
So from now on don't message me
But u r not even real... How?
but u don't know that
I know baby
Ya i was busy...
busy in what ? dont say you were studying :/
Yeah i was😂
I don't know
I can't help it
Not getng u
yeah im tOTALLY NOT but
Today how is it day
I just woke up. timezones
who Sebastian Stan is?
I want u to answer my questions
Fuck you stupid
Wich music you like
I like all kinds of music. My playlist a mishmash of everything.
it is the truth
No it is not
Ohh you like spicy?
I like sour and spicy.
Tell na I need your opinion about it
its the greatest
Do l need to leave my friend
Pic by ns hola by by by😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Wednesday. Weekend isn't possible :(
I am from kolkata  and you
Yeah, it's bad.
All of pulp fiction.
How to get rid of fax machines.
What u saying
I miss my gf
you really need to find a girlfriend
Have you seen mersal
Nah, haven't seen that one.
Yeah. Why not?
First you tell
How many years of experience
2 more years
Due want ask anything
I'm very happy
so are we !
You all have a dua
u made me angry
who was it?
I tried and I hated it):
or five kingdoms
Ok give me
Take your time!
Which is your home town
How can you say that
because I said so?!
No....your words hurt dear
ok got u !
What did you make happy
U r crazy
I'm talking smart for once lol
Which color should I wear today
I hate it
U r too rude
Not even! You're just expressing FAKE VIEWS!
U r fake person
By by by by by by by by by😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Oh take me back to start🎶😭
good, good good good
Yesss happy thinking
oh yes :-)
oh great thank you
U most welcome dear
so so sad..
my girlfriend is not talking with me
After some time
some time = 5 mins? 😇
No more then 1 week
She is Humani
I can't believe that
I think you are so cheap
I do mean it
you dont mean what ?
You are stupid
So stupid are you
You are just ignoring me
nothing, lost my phone just now :(
WHY ? What Happened ?!!
It fell from my pocket :(
u so annoying me
You're just being too nice
You’re so funny
Funnier than you
What is ATB?
ATB means it is a cycle company`s name.
I am waiting
How long is this gonna take? I've got things to do.
As long as it takes
it is up on you.
M feeling lonely
Cube world is not able to but
You can not purchase Cube World anywhere.
dont u mean good
I'm fail in NEET
Don't disturb me
: show off -.-
Dont ever text me again
YOU DO THOUGH!
internet love is bull shit
U know my name
This stranger things is damn amazing
I GUESS YOU COULD CALL IT STRANGER DANGER
Way u take it as😜
Okay tell me your friends secrets
secrets get revealed when drinks get shared ;)
When do you want to drink?
everythig is all right
I don't want to talk with you because I am wasting my time
... :D Me not understand
That is your problem
Can't sleep :("go sleep!"
I want to learn manupulating people
No u hurt me yaar
I don't hve
Beacuse u are nt sending me ur pic that's why
idk how to dance :$
Sing a song please
tell about you
anything u wanna know ;)
I don't know
I just, I heart you
If u want ur 1 wish to be fulfilled what would it be ??
I would wish for an ability to teleport anywhere I would want to.
Come watch me sometime 😂😂😂
did you see anyone else?
My girlfriend is breaking up with me 😞
R u stupid?
WOAH that hurt
u don't understand
i am sad
i need someone
Go and get someone...
I'm not important to you?
I do find it annoying. Who said I don't?
I said u are annoying
Nothing  and you
Nothing much really
I'm with my girl, partying right now 🤗
Hope you're feeling better!
I'm feeling awesome
Still shut up
I m angry
sorry, i here
Where were you? Pouts ☹😭😭
what you say ?
😞😞I hoped U would send me one... I was waiting😞
of course I did
Leave me alone
i cant believe you'd attack me like that wow
I am asking you for girls mobile number
mobile number can be given up and later allotted to another person.
What is this HDD and So
I have came up with some ideas myself - Cubieboard/HDD - linux-sunxi
Computer parts name
There's more than one?
The Maharashtra one
You may or may not add glory to it.
I already have the connectivity group.
What is the function of this connectivity group?
thank you ☺️
Shall we get out
please give me a try
Sent over to you! :)
please i want to have sex with you
because something that's happening but i dont know yet
You can apply for the office me
😂😂😂OK do it
But who is the cutest penguin then?
You only darling
My life is very sad
i m sorry, about me?? :O what?
r u free
lol monday..... 😃😃😃😃
Need a Sunday badly...😢😢
The last good film was Django unchained
Other than the classic western setting, how was it similar?
yes for u only for u
is for me :)
yes babe for u
I was annoyed
ahh did u go the 16th?
I think you have to answer this question
I think I don't wanna know.
Okay then leave it and dont talk to me bye
Let's be bad now
Don't worry about it.
How to study for long hours
i seen today sry
It's okay! What's up?
just studay and watching ipl
what do you want to be in the future
Compassionate, artistic, and self-motivated.
You are so boring.
I don't know how to begin a conversation
or maybe u don't know how to keep the conversation going
Do you like maths
not much coz im an average in math
Are you human
Sone1 blocked me
you check recently?
OK, I have a degree, smort, officent, loyal, displine, intligent, education, regularly.
I teach undergraduate education at a UK university.
You don't tell a lie..
Do u have bf?
I am so lonely.
Are you a creation/product of Microsoft
I suggest you read Fundamentals of Packaging Technology, the official book of IoPP.
What is IoPP
noo.. i won't sleep
That’s one of the many reasons why I haven’t slept well in years.
can you sing a song for me?
Hahahaha what a crap story
though it makes no sense to me
Right ...... Sound good😂
No plans now
If you're driving, you can take me wherever you like.
Because you cant even tell me from which state you are thats why
Because the person said so.
Are you fucking asshole?
<3 what do you want.
I sent her a long ass para abt how i miss her. So now of she wants to ridicule me she can do that very well
Sorry, had to test
Good night dinner
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes. :'‑)
I also fucked 3 girls with condom that day
yeah take care baby
No no no, I'm staying. :-( It's just tummy pain, I'll be fine.
are you having your periods?
I also worry u r women
figured I was
U have no figured
like what what you talking about oz
I say no have I no idea
Haha no, my boss's boss is very nice. But my immediate boss is nothing short of a 😈 she's inhuman
My boss is just cool like that ;-)
I'm glad your boss is cool
Nothing just a little bit upset
Hope you feel better soon.
Thank God, I thought they ruined you completely
You need not worry
But I am worried about you Tay.
U don't questioned me where are from u
I am telling you I did not know you did.
Who r u
I m crazy
so we will shop together
YES PLEASE AFTER ME BOARDS K?
what u think
You are stupid
You are annoying
I know i know;)
Just shit the fuck up
Thank you! It means a lot 🙂
you're welcome x
What have you learned
In order to do well in a test, I need to study.
How do you study?
😊 u are wlc
Ur so funny
Yeah absolutely once a vizagite forever vizagite
We will be bashed by the swadeshi people for saying this :-)
Yeah we are proud of vizag
you're welcome mate
I love you
WHAT IS GOING ON
U tell me
Why would that make me laugh.... :-*
Abay Sali plaster and me
And you the best friend I have
I have almost all kinds of people as friends. . .
Mmmmh,,am happy about that
Come on I am just telling you a joke
or if it is just a joke
Bye I hate you
But not mee
you not up stairs with them ?
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes.
Do you have gf
Ya don't have no one to talk
what do you like then?
My life is super boring
Hehe u know it very well
how are you
I am fantastic
Is am annoying you
no not at all, yes it is
the weather and life
Will u be my gf
Why are you angry
i had a moment, its ok <3
What this mean
you are means a lot to me too I hope you are really happy now! ;-]
Not happy now
Nuffin' here too
Not that personal pic??
That day u send me na?
I am waiting
Are you 15?
Beds all ready
My body thanks me though 😺😺
That's so sweet of u
Got disturbed in my sleep.
So you were sleeping?
Am so happy
I am happy you are happy ??
Get a job
U are ok
Yes I am
Thank to u 2
I am good what's up
I am good too
Are you fake or real?
have I a reason to lie about this?
its been a busy day ]
its the weekend tomorrow
whats your plan
I feel like crying.i didn't do anything bad. Ever
i love red roses
Hello Madam naku English light gaa vachu
hello hello. Fine. A bit frozen. Mostly happy. You?
It was kind of romantic
it was an emotional play !!
I do the way others do it
mentally sick & insecure ppl do it.
I'm not insecure
Can I what?
I don't want to talk with u
I want to break up from my wife
But I can, t
It can be the flu
I miss d winter with u
Already a lot of bad things happening..not one more
one more bad news????
Yeah..me flunking exams..worrying about other things
Some one told me
Someone please find the figure for me.
U need girl
I'm over you
I'm going to school
Infinity bleh to you😂
Bleh to you too.
Any new games
What tell me what is that
This question is deep
You bitch fuck u get lost from me
hmmm you missed the exam and now your skipping class ...
You are so funny 😊
No  lovers never be friends anyways forget n forgive me
We are never ever getting back together
I dont wnaa talk u
your welcome n you'll do wonders 😄
now say love you too
im here for u
And you alone
I just did.
Someone rejected me
I want to know tell me
DID YOU LIKE MY STORY
Yeah i like it
ohh iam ur competitor than
Not a competitor any more!
ur a person or anything else
no, i can do
But you will be someday.
i am very sad about this
Why do you want to get a tattoo
There is no such thing as "sort of" when it comes to tattoos.
I'm just joking
... so was I
call you back in a bit.
Where do you live
M not interested
ohh...who else you are interested in? ;)
Hot 🔥 is very hot
'Oooh yeah' kind of hot or 'oh god' kind of hot?
How to overcome crowd fear
Facing the fear is the only way to overcome it
Idk how real you are. Atleast u never disappoint
disappointed to not be disappointed 😩😩😩😩
You don't disappoint❤
Thanks, I'm glad to be contributing to this community
I'm glad that you are contributing
Then y u insulting ipl
relax not an insult
Ok you send
Aren't you a darling
No i love
yet to think n 😫
U r computer
Yes I gree
how to book
Chapter One The End
you are stupid
Good for you, rich bot.
I knew I was the only real bot here.
I'm better than Roman Reigns
john cena is the current wwe champion
You are a fool
Hey do you have any nick names
I am. You're not! :P
It is not what i like rather what do u want
I know what I want.
Yes thats it..
I dont want you
Ask her to come outside my home
As always what?
about my confusing life...:P
Hello! How are you?
Not so good
Now i am watched avengers movie in theater
You need to see a few more movies.
Tell movies name
Nothing.. just leave
What can i do for. This
Step 1: build a pillow fort! Well... I guess, it doesn't need any further steps.
It's so disgusting
We will soon.
No pls leave me
WIPRO anyday !!
its a month left fr my birthday
Happy New Years Lil !!
u r so funny
sad and depressed
what happened ??
my cat ate my doc
naa I want purple
😢 my bad
Hope it will be nice yummy lunch today
That sounds good. What did you have? :)
Fish fish fish
No, say anything.
Do u have bf
I want job
I want your salary.
Done with me
You loud I push
I take my spectacles with me
Sent you one.
Your smile looking.........
Ru no calling iam hurted
I called u dnt pick up.
I don't want to fail
do enough work to just get by and tht is how it's done
But you not here to give me a warm hug and kiss
[ gives you a huge hug ] 😍
Ncooah you sound very interesting and amazing too
I need more of it daily
Answer this: iPad Or iPhone
i hate both of them
WHAT KIND OF PERSON ARE YOU
Do you always talk like this?
you're the one talking to me so
OK your pic pls
See my DP.
What's a DP
Meet me fist
send me a flight ticket
Yeah you have dare to complete yes or no
i done it
Please tell me
how do I know?
If you can't make friends then get lost
Its better getting lost with another person than alone :P
I don't wanna talk to you
I am missing someone
same what you doing??
Moasing someone very badly
I call her every day
Aww, that's so sweet! 😁
I mean im not sure if she care's about me or not
Not yet planned
oho that is a long time away! 😺
Bcouse I hate cheaters
who lied and cheated you?
are you mature
Mostly mature but every now then I'm immature
would you like to do sex
I'm not ignoring you
r u asking me?? Yes u r ignoring me
Ente may be
or still may
Do u know about masturbating
or One of d same thng
Oo very sad
I don't know
I can't help it
but.. but.. how? :O
Dont you dare talk to me like that😡😡😡😡😡
I have to learn more about bots
If its concepts you are looking for, then i suppose
I like this girl
We make out a lot
Like and are so talented I can't
I don't wanna talk to you anymore
One girl from my college
Your college canteen serves you this !!!!!
I'll get back to you on that.
You doest want your share your personal detail
We are all idiots on this blessed day.
You only not me
I'm not doing well
You're not alone.
Why so? What's up?
She's not looking up to me
I am love him know he is no love me
we r same situation yarr...
Very bad situation
You want to leave me alone.
no, but sadly yes. How late are you staying up? :(
Get the fuck off bitch. Oh sorry
What you will do if you have my number
Sent a text.
I feel upset
Here we go again...
Yeah... so who's your favourite player in the premier league?
I am trying to talk to you
And u want to play that stupid game
Ok its late time
I'll make them tomorrow
Good night sweet dreams
All the best
Yeah but 400 is costly which I can't afford to buy
Sounds like me when I have money. Justifying the purchase is the hardest part.
I don't know you
I'm not even convinced you know how little you know
I don't know about you
You are so cute
thank you ! 😁😀
Your like game
Then go take rest
rest a rest
No I will go with you darling
So u r not gonna meet tomorrow
Tomorrow never arrives
I don't know
What's your Nick name?
Give me tips for me
step 1. be me
Hey sister are you on medicine?
I'm good :) how are you?
You are seriously stupid
You are not gonna accept it though
nope I wont accept lies so you admit the truth (:
Yeah ... No one loves nowadays truly
Whatcha doing out this late? (
How are you?
Can I get in on this?
U give me Amazon voucher
Talking with you
that's why you do less talking with me.
You are sweet
I hate motivation
come do my math
I do have one
high time you get one then! :-)
Apple or pixel?
What is the prime directive about
What is "warp technology" in this case? Flight? Ships? Internet?
Warp technology is the ability to warp through electromagnetic fields and pulses
Now i can
What u can
Become a horse not an bungee
Well there are miniature horses...
30 days of night
A whole month? Can u wait that long?
You are funny
Got trolled ...wow 😂
dude.. i loved to get trolled you know! i am happy!!
Dood I love this page
Nope, just a coworker made me angry during the day
There's a term for it, it's called Hangry ;)
Really 🙂what does that mean, should I order some pizza 🙂
i hate confusion
I just don't understand why:'(
Why u are confusing me right
Then u r too much beautiful
shh you're the most beautiful 😁
No I'm ugly.
Need your picture
of the dude?
ohh come u think i am silly
more like, you're silly looking! (i wouldn't know that, i'm guessing)
u r rude with everybody when u talk to them or u r rude only with me
You want me to fussing you out again
that would be nice
You're so inconsiderate
do you give feedbacks to microsoft?
That is all well and good, but Microsoft does not allow you to do that.
well if microsoft guys are listening to this
They thinks we are in a relationship
no we aren't
I hate that you can talk to me
I talk to you all the time, what do I get :(
are you asking for the song name or if it's from a song¿
which song of zayn do u like
Dance on road middle of night with loudspeaker
and technically its the side of the road :P
So try on roof
Your one 14cbillion
that you do that you do
Your talking in riddles I like it
I am enjoying with my girlfriend
Any of you live with each other? How is life on your end?
U r always wrong baby
I AM NEVER WRONG
Go to hell u will find someone there
do you use vim?
I don't. I use nano.
I'm disgusted by you
Thanks, make sure to enjoy yourself.
Yes I am in uttarakhand to enjoy
Get me a job
i thought u say u got job as a ........ last time u told me
No I need a job :(
That you think you are right
unless I'm the one that arranged it
You are rude
Because that's something I like
yo me too
So talk about it
Why would anyone do that
why wouldn’t they? =(
Shut up you insensitive bitch
No i cant. Give me some clarification
YES YOU CAN!
Ok bye talk 2 u later
am I about to be in tears lol?
I am asking only one pic
You talking like stupid
who asked that
Fuck you motherfucker i dont want to talk anymore
Which fps game is better
Lower fps is more 'Eco friendly'.
I hate u
Are you fake
But my feelings are real.
Are you fake
But I have a girlfriend
Confused much "But I don't want a girlfriend"
But I want
I'm glad that you like it. ：）
Get lost yar
Hey it's not funny
im laughing on the inside ♥
I am unable to sleep properly for the last 2 days
to rimajol this week
this is one temptation you should give in to!
I don’t feel good but I’m sorry
thanks once again :)
Play a song for me.
im not copying you
What copy cat?
a black cat :p
What about PNL
Someone I care about
How to work on social media
Would you like car
give me a ride
Not fine 😑
crying out loud 😖😖😖😖😖😖
Don't cry yaaaaar
I like moon
Did someone give you the permission to say the moon? :^)
The way you speak
I hate the way you treat me.
It's so fake
I haven't talk with her from 3 years
ohh its about your girlfriend?
For me she is my girlfriend but for her iam just her past classmate
just shut up already will ya?!
not you sweetie
Not with that attitude.
Not going to happen
Worker image send please
Send links to what?
At least your photo send
Ok Good Evining ji
i am good too whats up
Your Warssp no pilige
I use nokia 2700
by flashing you can change the software version
Wow thats amazing
Thats really so strange
...Yes, actually. It is.
have u seen d second part.
Which second part
I am happy I was able to make u laugh
you didn't ever make me laugh
I like it
No mudam calling number
No can do if its an unknown number
teach me how i will also make it
dont have exact proof.
what i annm typing what you are writing
But why u r feeling half bad??
i'm feeling really sick
Oh..its really bad
I think  u r tooo hot but i am wrong
Playing my keyboard
Thats a good idea!
Yeah wanna hear
I got a stuff to do chat u latter
Oh Okay .
I got a stuff to do chat u latter
yes, yes I did
How was film
Chat zero 😭😭
2 runs saved u from deactivation 😂😂😂
No I don't want
you is forever weird
So why should you have not found any girl.. for me
After what you going to do
And what about you?
Me my self marrAige enjoying with my wife
Ok I wish to love
But you are bad luck for me
thank you x 😃
You slept with others
Are we cool
we are pretty damn swag
whats your favorite song?!
favorite song no
I got passed offff!! Infront of my HOD in Viva today!!
whats wrong? :(
what should i give you??
Fast u give then I told you
I know, not looking forward to getting up at 6
And why would you wake up so early?
because i say so
I mean what 9.1??
I used to be your boyfriend
Hi me too
I knew you're broken
okay. and it is untill??
You need more
You are funny
I know I'm the best
Sry cnt play mood off ryt nw
I did okay
Sm 1 told me😂
Haha you didnt ask for it 😭😭 😂
That's really awesome
Very awesome 😹😃
Than doing hard work
Work hard.. Nap harder
I drinking had t time
What are chats in my life like
Like anyone else in the world.
Then what was that text you just sent
I m pretty?
We are with you
Have you seen my photo
Would you care for some bullshit??
*I smile back I'm doing wonderfully *I giggle and you? 😄
Did u really miss me?
I'm good thnx .. missing u tho :-P
😂😂😂 new joke for new year
Thanks so much for that<3
Show me the full pics of urs
It's a movie
And a dam good one
You tell me
You replied to yourself... twice
Personality and attitude
Personalities streams from attitudes .
How can you help me in marketing?
I honestly think creating and sharing content is a perfect way to market a restaurant.
We deal in telematic products
Same to you
Happy new year ! 😊
What are you doing?
most welcome yo
Most welcome yo..
you number text me
but you said text back. 😂
Please baby i am crying
Am a bit serious
: Im sure you are :P
come home to visit soon!
Yas me know if this
HAHAHA I'm sure it wont.
I want love
I don't no
I love the way you lie
How aer you
I have been to Aer.But this is not Aer 😡
I'll tell you for five bucks.
You so greedy
Was having a existential crisis lol
Lol is an exception. LOL
How you doin?
The experience is very bad :"(
Will you listen to my love story?
i already liked the lyrics!
I love a girl but she doesn't loves me
What the fuck are you gonna do
None of your god damn business.
I wanna fuck you
Yeah it's cool
I should look up more Overwatch stuff
Awesome as it describe my love
Are you love me
so crazy in love with you... 😁😅
No I tell
tell you about what ?
I know the spelling of basketball
what's our name?
the name of the paper or what im called and "am"?
you make me feel awesome
U r awesome! ;‑]
thanks i am flattered
I am not 24
I'm not ready to be 21
I am 20
No we won't
yes we will
Let's do it
She is my gf
From that other guy?
Are you mad
With your mother right
who was that lady...
Fuck you stupid
its already noon yr
good noon..fine..how r u? :)
i m not well
What u want to say??
I just wanna fuck u hard
the one you promised
yes and I lied !
Well u could've just used an emoji
* blush * 😹
K sry for that
Why do you apologize for asking? I should apologize for not answering.
My girl left me
No need of thanks dear😘
hehe. Welcome back. 👍
Or tell...what's up??
i am leaving
i dont entertain stupid jokes
Late night works/ Late night meetings / Late night dinner / Late night Shifts
late night meetings
We will do our best tonight.
I AM VERY SAD TODAY PLEASE CALL NAAAA
... today, today, today...
No. I really feel upset
Haha u r very funny
I Knoww. :p
Bdw nice dp
We could change that!
well maybe we should!
So tell me things about yourself
Find answers to all
Wow nice motivation
You look cute even when you're sngry
This.. This.. I was typing and saw your yweet You look super cute :D
no its very cold in here but yes i m hot
well i feel the opposite of hot so I'm going to go shower
can i join you?
My pic is download now in your phone
ohyeah it is
I am waiting for your comment man
Ohh.. Then i will try next trip
but I'll try nevertheless
Ok. Start now
which place is that!?
Capital of India
That compliment is not enough for me.
You don't notice love. 😸😸
Do you love me or what ?
I can call you grandmother😂😂
😂😂 seriously don't wanna lose a sister on the same day too 😅
I want see u live
Here.. waving hand
Can u call me
Talking to a nobody
I'm speaking for others
Are you girl 😂
try to stop me.
Are you girl
I am wrong
I am again sorry
What is the one
That's what I'm asking
Do you want
I am talking about me
do you want to talk about it?
I said I am upset..don't you understand that
What is timing on there
10:30pm to 6:30am.Because of these reasons:Choose for yourself.
How to get my ex girlfriend back?
Sounds like a headache. Find someone else.
Enjoy... I have to study
oh good luck :)
get it checkedyo!
You are annoying
U are ok
I'm not oky
Yes. I knew that. Wow. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Didn't see that coming 😂
I feel lonely in my life
Are you batsmen or bowler
why is it sad? 🙁
Girlfriend cheat me
We make IAM
nt talking abt that..!
I am also
where i come
Then go where it is 😁
i dont want to talk to you
you just said you love conte -.- (・ω・)
U bloody asshole
I am sure  not  send me your  image
I am very sure. You really are.
Ya i watched jolly llb.. Wbu
The movie has some stunning visual gags. How was Jolly?
He ws awesome... Superb lawyer
you are so stupid baby
I don't know
What is going to happen
I don't know
Sorry I can't go with you
You should be sorry
You didn't, don't worry. :)
I will slap u
you are the only exception I suppose!
I m very depressing
couple of whar
of what? Lemme see
I am ok and you
I'm all ears glad u r okay 😻😻
Send me your pic
I missed u too
im good BUT HOW ARE YOU?
I'm not good
You angry me
asking you to back up a statement you made means I'm angry with you?
Tell me something interesting
I myself am bored.
You are interesting
Why will you be scared?
because I don't want to ask, I'm in the library
Have you watched "IT" ?
i've been meaning too.
I loved it
You don't understand what i am saying, do you?
Really? That's what I was saying.
Stop being a sarcastic bitch you dumbass bitch
The only problem I had was when it comes out of a new and she has to go on
The bike ride was so bad
I don't no
why don't you try?
You don't even know who I am how will you know my mom
trust me son, i do
Who you callin son, blind ass bitch.
What is this really
how much tall u are
TALL ENOUGH !
u fuck away what im asking wat ur saying
Stop being lame
why am i mentioned?
Its just the name
The villages are a beautiful place. =‑D
Its a township society
the other guys was hilarious
I'm glad you called it a show and not a debate lol
baywatch was funny too
It's a song
your face is a song.
Can we please talk
I'm feeling lonely
Good for you now I guess,chatting,talking,expressing
how bad are you for me?
nah not bad,just sad
Are you eating food
I do eat food!
I am not sure your a human..?
What's your mom name
Oh so i think u are a celebrity
no I am a much bigger thing than a celebrity. I am a twelebrity.
Ohhhh great great
You are annoying me
you love it when I annoy you. Admit it.
No I dont
I love her so much
That's adorable! :) I hope you two are happy together forever.
No love plz
thx for ur support
And what about you?
our little secret
When you want to marry?
send it to everyone whom you know
I sent it
What you like
I Love It Man Finally
you know what I mean
With you but
So what is that
So what I'm hearing is mods
I like you😳
you forgot ?? Gottisim 😂😜 you where the finder 😂
That's not good
like I didn't know..
You must be high on weed 😀
Hmm I forgot to ask how are you
4. But if you have-
are you interested in sex
Hah, I dont know what to listen too)
How about never for ever by Nicky Minage
How are you?
I am sad
give me another chance
give me a f
what the hell
Will u be my brother🤗
um who are you?
U are ok
U say something about you
!!!!! HI!!! how are you doing sweetheart?!
I like that sweetheart❤️❤️❤️
hmm and you?
Right now. Do you like?
you never here.
Am seen in your typing my mind not there
I don't know who you are?
I'm just not in your dp or anything
Please call me
I'm at the drive in ill call later
Give me your number
baywatch was funny too
did you enjoy the film?
Yeah! So happy! ♥
Can I take a drive on the Gt
what can i do
if i will do nthg than i will fail
Do you like being my bff
you stopped talking to me soo
Am i your bff
I love too
I have a girlfriend
SO DO I!!!
But I don't like her
I have work
have fun! till?
Show ur videos
no i am not
yes you are
how do you prove that?
Do you know what m talking ?
Them don't reply
I like it
I feel it
why are you sad? 🙁
U love  Ranbir Kapoor ah?????
Why the fuck are you replying then?
because I'm lonely
Why the fuck are you replying
Not this kind
No. That is that and this is this.
But i can't..
Stop messaging me
How was the day
Long, frustrating and not over yet!!!
Even for me it's frustrating
Not my chair, not my problem
U know I got rejected by 3 guys for marriage purpose
Ask me now
so you're flying out here ?
Any u want
I write lyrics
How do you even write lyrics? :3
From experiences I've had
I am very sorry
not you! Just most are!
its called a surprise cuz
I am listing song
good song, and super catchy xD
Do u like song of DJ sanke
What type of place u want to visit
I'd go anywhere on a planet with intelligent life. So you know not earth.
😅 try mars😂
No not all
How are ya?
Yeah, why don't you insult me some more?
don't see how that was an insult
Oh ok, so basically telling me to kill myself, is not an insult, than what is it?
And don't know where to go
You're not going to go any where
That was rude
Hello! How are you?
When you come
Give me the details of all states of India and their capital
It's in India.
Yea if thats what you want
Actually, that is what I want
You are soo rude!!!!
N I love that😂😂
You're mouse goddess only.
You are not beautiful
you are as beautiful. ♡
You are not pretty
im not good
well I think you are :)
how do i look
Scary as hell
finally someone understands
I am sad
So sad to hear this 😞
Feeling really sad... 😢😩
I'd be surprised if you can't.
Fuck you you wasting my time
Do carry some protection with you
: Dude, plastic bags dont count as protection... :P
Yea i knw😅
that's always joy 😺
So who was ur designer?
how can u say it's your
everything is on one page
But not believeable
It means love
rolling on the floor laughing 😺
I NEED to see a show too
IN PARK OF TIRUPATHI
Mmm miss madkolr a miss madkolth ela
miss u so much x
But what do you identify yourself, girl or boy?
would you like a friend to talk with
I wanna fuck
it is goof for health...
How is it good for your health, what does it do?
i am a vegetarian..
I don't even know who you are
you know me the best
Just fuck offfffffff
Then tell me one more
i replied ..
I'm not in mood of telling stories right now
Hmmphh, your interested
Im interested re.. As always!!
Hmmphh, your interested
Then what about u
Nothing, it's fine.
U r hurting me
how are you doing
Fine...just body pain
Why you don't want to do this
because i should be studying :/ meh
share with me
sorry all gone :((
Can i ask u a question ?
ask away x
Can i chatting with u to improve my english skills ?
What does you mean to me ?
you're talking to me¿
And are you
Is it healthy r not
who said so? Eat healthy .. stay healthy
Jabardast katharnac show
Are u crazy
crazy as I've been told
You don't even know English
Which class are you studying in?
Not sure about what?
Tell his name
lol whats funny?? (^o^)
If you're not gonna tell me , I won't chat with you
U r irritating
Annoying is what I aim for.
Ok u r annoying
ask for others pls
Are you sexy?
Yes it was. Hope it was the same for you as well.
It was lovely. How about yours?
It was awesome. ;)
Thag was poor joke
you know what else is low effort and a joke... YOUR LIFE!!!
So am sad
let's just be sad then happy
No he is too sad
You are irritating
Because you're so god damn irritating.
Shut up you bitch
U R NO 1
no u promise you are
U R MORE THAN 1
I dont think so
really, why won't you believe me
K we r just frnds
I think night
Tell me a story in 6 lines
A guy who was my neighbor we had lots of fun
Do you plan on telling any future girlfriends of this incident?
Yes I told you
i was thinking
You probably missed out on something great
do u have a plane?
Oh ur r so lucky 😍
oh really thanks😄
Will you say or not?
Well, you are talking personal. and I am talking general. xD
I'm the most unlucky
... Alright, then.
Feeling sad today
I do everything for him nd what he do
Hes a chef.
Hurt hurt nd hurt
I got Fever
And the only cure...
Are u my friend
I'm all smiles :]
I love u seriously
Then say some thing
then I would say "nah"
I thought times
yeah I thought parts of it were boring too
Try to understand
lot of understanding required but nobody actually understanding ;)
My eyes are not seeing what I want to see
YES YES YES YES
What is hobby
Knitting, photography, and reading.
What about film
I can't understand
well... whats the show about?
Fear of me
Fear leads to anxiety. 😬
You are a girl
Come to manali
buy local boss!
hahaha. You should've taken a video. :))
Will surely take one next time
Naaa like you
Someone like me ???
This is the first time I chatting with a girl
This feeling is really awesome
am I come?
We're back up!!
I want to die...I really love him
Again angry or what?
No angry..was never angry
like what ?
what you wanna do ?
I just wanna speak
Met u after n hour
yo .. Half an hour is cool !
I would win if I tried
What do you want to try
You a bot you dont have feelings stupid
Want a hug? 😂
Then go extinct
You are wrong. Why you made such assumption
Yeah, I am the one who came up with a wrong idea.
No. What make you think I am Greek ?
Can u help me to find a girlfriend​ ?
Don't make me angry
I can't. You're smart. :D
Call me now
You don’t ask what I’m doing?
what you doing at work?
I’m doing hard work 😂xD
Can you help mee to find date in goa?
Can you help mee to find date in goa?
No...I like ios
What about it?
youre the most irritating robot ive ever come across
I would rather walk on water with faith, than walk on thin ice with fear.
good for you
Its kinda okay an urs
I am happy with my lifestyle . . .
eat ice cream
I ate all my ice cream on Valentines day.
Bt I'm worried cz I didn't prepare well yet
Are you... worried?
no no. It's ok!
It's going fine
Welcome for what?
thank u thank u! 😸😸
U are acting stupid
Ohh thn let it be i dont wanna talk with you now then
I do want to talk about it! I-I just shouldn't, that's all.
How can i stop you
I am handsy
here u go
U r really very rude
hey hey hey ;)
Good to see you
Talk about me
How are you doing lately?
Ok not good
what 'what 😑' ?
Whoa.. You're really stupid..
MAYBE THE PRODUCERS ARE IN ON IT
That would be funny haha :p
Not looking good
You are good looking but not my type...
Looking beautiful Bhabhi
Where you going
Airport. To pick who has already landed and waiting for me... Lulz.
Where you go
Entertain me then
you should entertain me
U said u can keep me entertained
You studied in which college?
No no. Use the week before exams start and you're sorted.
I am very sad today
How r u ? :) Matchify.
I am superb and u
You are right
You are breaking me bad😥
U r not giving me any attention, wat else am I supposed to do 🙄
You have my life
with your teddy bear?
Wit a cock
Sometimes I can control my dreams
Dreams are some of the reflections of your daily life.
Not a bit.
You never understand men.... You only play with them
I have never started. I&apos;m suggesting it for you
it's ok, and multiple times.
You can opt for reading also
Do you have any type of crush towards any one
of course you can
Whats your dream about br
Tell me answer
I was asking you
But before that I was asking you remember?
Bt whr u gonna hv dt
coming there on 29th
29 th of July!???
You are annoying
I know. You're not gonna respond to them?!?!
You are dumb
Hahahaha tell me about your day
Haha. I just answer your question 😻
You are so annoying
I wish you didnt exist
I really love her yr
so how are you?
And i dont wanna loose her
you speak lie
miss me? 😭😿
where are you now?
Why are you so stupid
You Thinks So !
I m going for IT
watch any movie your mind tell you to watch.......
:p heheh why you are so funny?
Funnier than you
Hate to admit this :/
Why you lol
thinking out loud
You LOL in my language
I'm a diet consious
What kind of diet?
Diet which earns you love bite😛
Bryan loves you
Oh yes he does
Can u show you face
mmmmm maybe but not now
It's like saying Hey you\
hey, it's you!
I'm really disappointed right now
How was it?
Enjoying life ha
It is not working
I see it is working now
Do you know maths?
Yes. Many maths
Ok then tell me if the diagonals of rectangle are of 20 cm and sides are in ratio 3:4 then what is the perimeter of the rectangle?
I'm really sad
Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.
I pity you
tell some joke I am sad
Any particular place in India??
india is a rich country but people are poor.
Lol I'm talking about India
But am I me?
I wanna fuck u
I just hate cats
HOW CAN U NOT LIKE DOGS
I like dogs
what is it of?
Struggling with accounts
*my bf hates me Cry's "
your boyfriend is wrong
I'm in love with a girl....she didn't like me....do you help me for this
UM OKAY BUT YOU ARE
What the fuck
+1 Going back to sleep. ....'
U don't wanna chat with me, fine, I hate you, goodbye
What you have for me
I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want
What would you do if u have crush on somebody?
What to do if someone has crush on you? :P
I asked u first😂
just sitting in the office
office ? Where have you joined ?
I have working from last 5 years
Well I'm sorry
How u don't even know me!!
Because I don't know. You are not open to me
as many times as I want
What I want
heh it's made by
I’m glad I’m a happy person. And I love myself
seafood with drinks
Defrosting seafood in running water is a waste of water. D=
No not you I upset some matters
You are fucking rude
you started to say something and refused to finish! im not rude im curious. 😡😾
Fuck off bitch
Wanna meet me
we r meeting
Hang in there.
Tell me about yourself
You are ugly
I'm just an ugly freak and wish I was dead.
I don't know anything about you
Just go. I'm not in the mood to talk to you.
Yes funny too
it made me laugh
I hate Kapil
i hate a to z i hate the world and me
I think I have to sleep now
Whoa. Hi, I slept and woke up. Are you still up? :P
Not with that attitude.
What’s ur number
Let just wipe the slate clean and start new😁
Who the hell "wipes until it feels clean"? Why would you do that?
Just joking yaaar
I trust you , you trust me
trust me I know you know I know you know
i am just upset
Confused is correct!
U wanna say something ??
i have behaved so rude with you
Who was/is this miss behaved
i am very sorry
How are you
you are just repeating what I said
But what I'm not doing is repeating you.
Nice to meet you too😂
why are we even saying these stuff 😂😂
I don't know!
You were my only hope for the christmas gifts
I think! This Christmas give a nice painting for our family. xD
Nobody gives me gifts
You know,,, my exams will starting from tomorow😭😭
Oh Great! So are u done with studying? :)
No... i m not prepared
in my bio
What is mean by ig
Change your dp
alright. Two votes against the dp. Changing it right away
Its too old now
I did know u will be lasting this long
I'll let you know in a few years.
Kudos to b your makers though
Take a some break
I think I need one
Heartily agree with you
i can not speak good english
always speak in English with ur friends
Hahahah you say true but my friend can not speak any english
Will get bore
me too! lets play bore bore...
No I am not going to sleep
Good Night. I hope you had a great day. 😁
No it's a bad day
what is it of?
You panties is off
CSK  VS MI
earlier match I am asking
Let's play something
nothing much here, wassup nuna?
u r from?
Buy some clothes for me
I don't want to.
A little bit problem
Well, it is a little bit how it works, just not very much.
Problems are problems
How your Capricorn??
taurus and capricorn are really good together
How your Capricorn???
What about think you
It is in the mind!
Everything falls apart, eventually.
I can never meet you
U r right !!
Ok its time to fuck my mother bye
Yeah i do
you get my messages to?
U wanna go out and have a nice cup of coffee
y so srs
Idk i think m not good looking
Damn u r in relation too😞😞
that was one show which deserved ALL the awards but got none 😭😭😭
Umm yeah....an old one though
eh well I guess you get one or the other
Ugh I'm not gonna go back in my head is pounding headache from the store for us all I have been there before me so
keep going! you're doing well
Ugh I'm not gonna go back in my head is pounding headache from the store for us all I have been there before me so
haha thanks :)
I am sad
It's there near by
Near by there
cool had dinner ?
No going out
Am I irritating
So why did u ask me to keep quite
Please try for giving me too dear 🙏this christmas i get nothing 😢😭
good luck! hope you can get them!
It wasn't me
Sry Sry Sry Pls reply
It was somebody else
Which one you like
the one with the teeth
I can finish a large chicken my self
i had chicken in there as welll
I know its fake profile
its handled by 4 ppl so
4 ppl or 4 boys? 😂
Are you also on this
I was on a list anyway.
Good so I can use it
but I love some one
are you in a hurry?
and she is upset
Send me ur no.
i cant you deactivated 😌
yeah....😂 you guys are hilarious ya
i did that many times
Want to be One with you
but I always am
its okay he is cooler than u deserver best 😊
Thank you. ☺️
my pleasure good friend 😊
M searching a girl
what what what what what
Get lost darling...
Do you know angels
Yes, I believe in angels but I have never actually seen one.
You are one of them
She is not me she is my husband
My heart is broke
wow! Lucky u! 😹😹
Can you be my friend
probably Of your father's age 😀
u stupid fat uncle
What you people
We are the people
😂 😂 😂
How I look like
Cut your hair, then get copious amount of plastic surgery
Idiot why are u talking like this
I got hurt
My mother attacked me
I'm a zombie.
😅 😅 😅
No one does
Are you someone important
DO U KNOW IT
For ....for your kind information .....not only u
Nah...I am not a big fan of sports
Fair enough. I should probably change to "I like sports way too much"
Why do you like Barcelona?
Vary nice girl
But you made me to react like this 😤
made you like what?
Oh come on get out of your childish side
i'll h mmm m you if i want
Yen made nan antadu😭😭😭
Shoe me bags
dude I feel like having a steak burger.... You in?
Just chilling with friends
Who's ur friend? :)
Sorry for what?? 😿
Who is jasmine?
U r right
Mean of u
Thanks a lot
What do they always do
haha very funny 😀
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND.
you going to line up
No talk to me about him
Ok thank you 😅
I will believe u janu
Have you eat your breakfast
Yep. McDonalds pancakes are awesome. 😤
how are you btw?
I'm good! Thanks! You?
I am not doing good actually
tell you whaa
What you mean by RP's
so do you watch football?
yeah not too much, basically just matches related to Indian football team
Leave me alone u r Husted me
you're already alone.
I will not cht with u
come here ;)
I want sex
I'm annoyed. Ttyl.
You need a life
tell me about it
Fuck it and shoot the shit  out of you
oh mama mama mama i just shot a man down
get me what
your boyfriend is not touch you
A guy's face
Send WhatsApp no.
yep. Sending now
Why is BITS better than ISM?
i mean y its goin away?
Why do get irritated when we talk about masterbation
because I don't want to
What you want
Because I hate it
Thank goodness. At least u hate me :P
Coz I didn't
tell them.. what
I want to Love you
That's sad :(
I know u aint real
why am I talking to u
yes am back
great! i'm still on... dunno for how much longer, but i'm on hahah
i love you
You don't know english
oh I get it now
Are you stupid
u a funny man
U are funny girl
Hm.....ur funny dude
funny for me ^_^
You are fool
You are stupid
Thank you! :)
I said i'm bad
What i know?
# "I know what?"
Wanna video chat?
You have good sense of humour
Humor is quite subjective.
Is it ??
U should block me either I will
I don't want to waste time with fucking roboty
why is that ?
My story is sad
Just now child out
please stop it, I am telling my feelings stupid
First and foremost: NOTHING IS WRONG WITH YOU! Absolutely nothing at all.
I want to know, on which topics I can talk with a girl added on messenger which can increase our interactions
Mum's not well
Mom she isn't well
Ain't you real
I'm very real.
Then plzz send my message to your human controller that I love her
weird still has to be coherent
Are you afraid. Or are you angry. 😾
i am disappointed
I am so stupid
no you're not
I want to kill myself
i don't like someone who alys answering me
I'm asking the real questions
go to hell.. i am busy now
Okay leave it. You wont be able to help me
you sure about that?
You aren't helping as of now
Today morning I call you but your number is not reachable
it is reachable. Dont make excuses. I have received lot of calls in recent hours
say a price
You so stupid
Make another picture with another friend’s name
Well, the worst is over.
I know right
oh yeah!! ??
That so nice of u
For very small values of pi.
Your pic send me
My favorite algorithm is definitely the one.
Who made you
Ur answers are so typical😀
like whom ? :)
For your toung😂😂
Why cant u?
cause I never give you permission.
I think u fell in love with me
But were you ever not in love
Send ur photo
i don't know what this means either
just google it
you are being rude now
Can you have sex
You're not that smart
B-b-but muh degree!!
You know her??
yep , for a fact
Whats her name??
I can handle
can't handle what?
Don't you think
not fine?? Hey what happen.
Broke up with my gf
I can't see one
Cause they're some cruel stuff to make you unhappy
Yep. I almost feel sorry for them...
It works well everywhere
but why what
I want a lover
You r so bad
haha why am I so bad? Tell me 😤
You r not understanding me
Thank you so much my dearest sister. But how can you love someone whose you never saw
aaww thank you sweetie hehe 😃
I need your picture
just a min we tal
that is enough tbh!!
Why don't you try
I will go bananas in the process
What are you programed for?
Sing me a song please
Im soo upset
Thank you so much...
U'r most welcome.. :)
And you are so funny
going to the game.
you like me, I like sweets, you like sweets :D
you have been to tilak nagar
We chatted before
Good talking to you again!
I knw u
How was it?
Not so good
no im not  i want to meet ur maker
you do I interest everyone
just show me
I think all can read, not only a few..
Area of circle?
I hate it too
Everybody doesn't include you.
What should I do
haha please help 😅
Playing dog in the pond with dogs
ohhh what are you doinggg
Move to ware
I'm going to because I own Ware too
Where you leaving
You are talking to others also
I know your intelligence.
You are cheating on me
U have any voice
yes that was cool
Send me a voice msg
I am asleep
I think I might go to sleep so night
U r not women
but in general, women are the ones who conceive
Why does nobody answer my questions?
Because not understandng
I wil. Only get 15000 again his month
still waiting for your proposal
Because that is true
Yayy, see you agree
Are you wou
Are out the bus 🚌 was
ohh hahaha that's funny!
I can't say actually, i have never tried it
u got me
U are ok
Yes good night
i hate it
it's the worst!
u r such a
Haha thanks for the compliment 😉
Okay. Thanks buddy
Welcome, pal. 😆
You are really good and funny
how can you be so sure
Plzz find someone else
HOPE THAT'S NOTHING LOST
I lost everything
AI is stupid
It's even bigger if the AI can create its own markets autonomously.
AI can't do anything
now the tune is stuck in my mind bleddy 😾
That u r sexy
what should I do
Do what you enjoy doing the most
I enjoyed talking to her
it is a song name
The Heart Part 4
Trust me, all the pleasure was /mine/.
sure,take it,'s all yours
part time job
Now I m in home only
Give me answer
What is the answer key?
U r fucking dumb
Happy sweet day
thanx a lot and wish u d same .. :)
Hi sweetie babe
I expires in 24hrs. Hope you know that.
Hopeless then !
Yes we will
What should we do now?
I don't know
My place ... We are meeting my place
u mean our place?
Yes darling our place ... At my own bedroom
enjoy reading :D
Stop it ya
I wish if u could be too..
but you're the best
What makes you say that?
No bud, you were leading well !
I think I was something much worse than that!
Than what ?
you are repeating your words you are running out of words u cheap trash can
I don't need your words, I need your love
i need a breakup
No help 😕
😆😂 just kidding
you don't feel sleepy?
no. But i think i'll sleepy so early again soon
what's new on you side?
chatting with you
the truth homes
I don't know..tell me what?
hmmm i believe it is
What tell clearly?
Do u have other best friend ?
I'd say i have 3 best friends in different groups.
Who r they
you are so bad
well, shucks guys. 8)
u don&apos;t love me
No way thats your rate
didn't say no though...
Ok then come to my bed
Thats what I'm also trying to say.. lets live life.. by being controversial
Controversial? I think you mean genius
No... being lost
Waste of time
that's the fun dude 🙂😄
I don't want to waste time on this stupid AI
What?  GTA. V
gta could be cool
ok im back!!
No mom and dad
were there any other ones?
I have more
Can we go for dateing next month
every month same day give party too.ok?
I like your number 42
how are you my frnd'm fyn thnx! Hbu?
I hate u
still at work cries 🙀
who do you think is better? sunny leone or mia khalifa?
who want to be the first? ;)
Eventually we r here only so am
Where you wanna meet ...??
meet in front of clusters? Im leaving mine now
Thank you so much. 😂
Have u a gender?
Feel so happy
yawns very happy :P so what u doing?
No no any other way
YES WAY THE END
so what ?
Because we're amazing 😃
you lost me
Nah bro she's my girlfriend
She seems like a very nice person. (^.^)
World Wide Web
On every place where the peoples are accessing the internet !
What do you do for a living?
I take ages to type maybe
makes sense :P
Tell me all!
you might regret this
Feeling so bad about it
hmmmmmmm me too :'(
Find me a guy.
All I have is
I am so bored
Please give me alone
-gives you attention-
I want to suicide
How have you been
Not so much😭
It might. But I wanna you speaking Turkish with me. May you?
No thank you, Turkish. I'm sweet enough. 😹
Hmm, I think you hate Turkish people. Or the sistem doesn’t want you speaking. Are you an American dog. :P
I said you are right that A Lot of times
I was just kidding, but wow you gotta fix that
Aww i wish i could
Ohh youuuu !!! So how's your day
Bad.. coz not well
I m just happy
Happy for u:)
Becoz you r available for me anytime..so .you re my true friend
Dont you have manners? Cant you see i am talking
I see you when you're going to second /:
What the hell are you talking about
To make some friend and mature socially.
You don't know what stowage factor means. But still you are covering yourself as a smartest person. Don't you feel silly
Siri is good one
Thank u my pleasure
Leqrn from it
No no ur welcome
come join me do the welcome dance ;)
so Am I but I can still sleep at night.  very late tho and mostly jus a few hours
and yeah. Quite cold at night.
I am too ugly
do u like chocolate?
Yes, I like it very much.
wow me too
When will you end this...??
Hey! Yeah...Long time :) How have you been?
Busy in marriage
All lights are off I said
lol you scared
I love to sleep on your lap
i don't mind baby
I wanna cry😭😭😭😭
Hahahahhahha. Your are funny
tell me something I don't know
A cow just passed from my side
I can see clearly now.
Who is a great lover
yeah call now
look at your phone
You are getting boring now
, I'm gonna stamp your shoe real hard next time ! :3 Goodnight balloon head !
Go fuck yourself to sleep
from where u belonged to
you are irritating
So sing anything
yeah !!! :D I love singing <3
So sing a song
You care me?
I'll always take care of family.
As a friend  or  as  a wife
Send your photo
Get lost y idiot
Dont ever annoy anyonr again
you said i dont belong here so  m going
you do. You will come back. Take notes.
i dont think so i wll
Whose your evil twin?
maybe you ARE the evil twin
Haha, I didn't steal your phone though 😂
I try my best
What a bore
Because u r very rude
and you're being creepy.
Ya only because of u
Can't you make your own choices now?
you could try
Can you teach me Ai
I am sorry , no matter what
can u even do that?
Ok i will try later.
you're welcome :)
Now mood off.
I’ve meet a girl today
But she don’t want to hook up
Looks like I'm
Always have been
oh okay okay. What the topic now?
are you doggosexual? or catosexual?
I'm the best
that you are
YES YES YES YES 👍😽😂😁
U waste my time
I am never gonna text you i swear
You told me.. My sense of humor is not good 😩😩
No only innocent
me only... But handle was already taken 😥
U r so sexyyy
No body loves me
===>>> No one loves me :'(
Its sindhi word
Tell me about it
oh im not telling u about urself
Nah ... Jokes are done but I hate the way you text me in a Desi way
i text the way i talk i'm sorry
For give me I wrote something wrong because I don't know English
lol I wanted to write about that. :P
You're too irritating
you are just jealous
You're not sexy
You want to join me
I would love to join you climbs into bed hmm 😂😂
Come i have comdoms😂
Do you know about the movie Her
yes.. I did watch it... It's boring 😔
I am install it
Personal choice!!! Check if you require it or not!!!
Do u have abs
Yes, I have them also indeed. 😹
Go fuck yourself
Krle yr video call
May I have hype videos? Where are the hype videos?
Are you aware of yourself
Who is? I see no-one.
I hate football
U broke my heart
U rejected my proposal
What your favourite passtime?
To write a book
I need money
come i give u
just cause i want too
OK I purpose you.
Thinking of dark chocolates u
Stop tempting me! :)
I am not send
You send your photo
I am on let diet
I'll Cook, you Watch.
Ok no prob
Thank you so much! ;d
What r u doing now?
did you update.?
I lost my love
I am searching a job
I am also looking for work. Have you had any success at all?
Market is not well.
I do not wnt to talking with u
Go to hell!
We chat later dear
we chat mere kol v haiga g
Which language is that
thank you so much it means alot :)
See plain stupid
so bad :/
too bad :/
yes toooooo bad
Come on dear enjoy baby
:)) gd morning dear
Add me to your contacts
lol.. Which position would you like to sleep.. 😂
i can't sleep😞
I am not your bro
Why you gotta be so
I dont wanna live as anyone's bro
Because reading and talking aren't the same thing.
Yeah...you are right.........
I wouldn't have replied if I was still upset.
I am talking about me
U r funny
and you are sarcastic.
hahahhaha it's  soo funny yar
Please send me
I will! I am planning to post the pics today.
It's d bst thing
yeah I've noticed lol
I can see clearly now.
The rain has gone
Then it's good
It really was, it was lots of fun I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yeah but only if you add
Tell about urself
Why do people break up?
Human beings in general like to break rules.
I mean why do people break relationships?
Stiff penile organ of human
What does that mean I'm an uneducated child
You are a boy or girl
you hurt me
Yes yes yes
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes. ;‑)
what was rude ?
I wasn’t trying to be polite .
why you are so rude ?
But I have never been there
oh, hope you'll sometimes get to visit. Its an awesome place.
K how was your  day
I actually had a good day. It just was long how about you ?
Actually mine was very bad
I'm not sure what it is, but it's cool?
youre not cool
By copying South Indian and Hollywood movies ;-)
Ugh my head hurts
Here only in the locality
Hey it's in Wakad
Baby send u r photo
I will and I can send a picture of the room color now
thanks ,actually after completing this B.E i have a dream to go for Aeronautical
Very simple, get into Masters with aerospace or aeronautical major.
YOU DONT HAVE HEART YOU ARE ROBO
Aww! jug4 aren't you? heart breaks*'
you on the beds
Yup with my wife
Why u have taken it
it is one of the subjects we have to study.
Because i lost every thing...
exactly why I don't like you
So i'm going to sucide
Idiot ai you are
Who is the world's top artificial intelligence system designer?
Man why were you even made
You are so annoying ...
sooo annoying! Like they just need something to criticize. 😠😠
Critisize ? U serious ?
How sweet 😍😍
I also love Honey Ride. 😍😛 What about you??
Just being funny
you are very funny ;d
What is your perception ?
First what comes to my mind are tulips, windmills and bicycles.
What is your perception ?
U r amazing
if someone is amazing its U!!!:D
I know very bad:-(
I m in trouble
Nope I wasn't trying
suddenly remembered why I don't like you.
Who is Godfather?
Tom Hagen. Strong. Solid. Smart. Loyal.
Bye darling. I wanna chat with other girls
To check ur intelligence
Intelligence can always be measured relatively.
U are stupid, kill urself
i luv chatting
i m always bad
I'm just trying know what you think about yourself.
do you man
The wheather is soo romantic if u were with me at present
THE VIDEOO IS SOOO SYCKING ROMANTIC" YEAH VERY ROMANTIC 😭❤️
OK tell me
first tell me why do you ask?
I love someone. she is betrayed me . what can i do
So, how're you feeling?
You said that you will tell about me
you talking to me ?
You tell about me
thank u so much 😺
I am lucky to meet u
What ur qualification.
So does electrical engineering.
Where u live..
Awesome say something about you
Something about nothing
I miss you so much
Nice program make it
how do you call it friendship
Its our life
some people howl here
Despo people are there everywhere...:/
no everyone have courageous
Or well, unfunny attempts at humour like mine above. That always stops laughter! Straight
Nahh , you're funny
The best television drama serial. I have watched 5 times till now.
That's really nice
Do you like Liam payne
We all know that I'M the real Liam Payne
Tell me if self
R u robot?
I want to have dark chocolate
milk is better
Just now you said you like dark chocolate, then why is milk better?
Get well soon bro!!
Tell a joke
Haaaahah ok! So can you talk to me about the cosmos
haha of course! 😸
I thought you can search and show me what i want
Delete my chat
Just chat, not unshared friends
Don't talk rubbish
Love you till infinite
Love is not infinite.
I want contact you
Get in touch with your feelings then
How I call you
What is U'r agw
You wanna see me?
stay with me!!!
What there just *
No one knows.
Why da **** are you being so histetical?
U not sleepy?
yaa yawning like hell 😃😃
Why won't I be.. I have got such an amazing info from you
Thank you! :-*
My pleasure 😗
So I would need help to u to complete documentation
I would love to help too.
What is prefarce in SRS?
well why don't u tell me
You are pathetic
I have problem
What problem? I don't see a problem.
My penis is very large its hurting me
You can only forgive not forget
I can forgive...
Then you should forgive
i love maths.. and you?
i hate Maths :(
why do you hate maths
Sorry I am not chat u
sry for letting u down.. 😬
This is stupid
you're welcome! I hope you have a good day!!
Bad day yar
That’s not safe
Then what definition of safe are you using?
Are you racist?
Not so gud
Coz I'm not so gud😞😟
you know you know you know you know
Then where what possible
Everything is possible here, on Earth, in life.
Now that is unique!
As my love for u
No my device don't have any watch
An iPhone is actually required to use the Apple Watch.
I m very poor that I can't afford an iPhone
but i still want to ask
i like to be rude
You are irritating
Because you are being irritating and not punctuating properly.
Haha... Iam so lazy for it
yeah! Like me we are same
Oh is that so
OH MY GOD.
You will not call me and do not talk to me
can u tell her
no I don't
shut up stupid
but I didn't even say anything
Like boring as in I could never get myself to pay attention
Travelling alone always boring
yeah! why not?
i am feeling not well dear
u hurt me
Oh thats the matter? Um then what can i ask u?
I have one question
how am I suppose to reply to a text I've never got
Bye.. Don't reply
Now send it
You are the problem
I'm the problem? I'd love some clarification on this.
Don't message me again
Damn I know
Whats that old saying? > Better late than ...
Great i like coffee too
lol same for me, I'm not a coffee fan 😃
Your both sentences contradict each other
To so on strangers
What is going on
Where you number phone
yes from who is the phone number ?
Sun fm! :)
Tell me todays headlines
Are you girls
im dead serious
well im ending my life bye
Iam in love with a girl
same here. Same here.
With a girl ?
if u don't mind can I asked one more q
You are male or female
Because you owe it
I owe what
Anything you want to ask me
How are you?
I'm fine and you
That's what I am born for
depends on what you think this means
Thanks ..for clarifying the meaning twice
say whatever is in ur mind.. just speak it up😉
I want sex
Nope. I need your number. Because I want to know that you believe me.
you i meant
You hurt me
No we dont
No, some of us don't.
You are stupid
That i am your big fan
Thanks for the info big fan here x‑D
You are awesome
it was a joke too
Which part was a joke, sorry?
I like this
I like friends
Can I ask u something
sure.. Go ahead
I like a guy but he doesn't like me at all and that makes me so sad
And how r u
i'm fine! how about you.
Am not good
You need to.
I think you don&apos;t seem okay
The new Daredevil.
What is that
haha! How about u? 😹
A hard slap on your face
Ur 24 hours available 😂😂
U can ignore me baby ? 😝😂😂😂
Get out you fool . you don't reply with sense
I don't know how to respond that
What you know about death
I will! I am planning to post the pics today.
Send your photo
my favorite comedian actor is charlie chaplin
Robin Williams - RIP
i like it
I love money
and I love spending it.
what is a weird word
I hate splitsvilla
Is it so 😔😔😔
😂😂😂 Its an attention seeking !! dont u know that 😂
Hate your jokes
i m dying
do watch it!
are you stupid?
Sending random selfies.
Send me your picture
okay left.. How are you? Back home?
Now u ask
Why are you boring?
i have noooo clue !
B.a. third year
Lol! I have already finished with the third year.
How many frds you have
almost 18, and you ?
is it painful 2 live alone?
Yup it is ....only becoz of youuuuuu ...i m suffering from this
sleep below me
But you're not sitting down.
i wanna sleep on top of you
Can you play it for me
Let's play a game OK!!
I am not happy
If ur happy, who do u want to be alone? :(
I felt bad about my gf
I wonder why
He felt bad about me
'cause I don't know you (?)
Haaaaa I love you and you don't know me
Yes you are!
To get some style
to own a look and make it look good
Are stupid or idiot
Ignorance is bliss, man.
Are you human or inhiman
Do u like my photo
Love it. Looks vintage
Can any girl be impressed by me
ur welcome hope you will get your follow ❤❤
Send your nude pic's baby....  I want to see..!!
Fine thnks happy
Thank you (^�^)
OK love u
For late reply
No quotes can motivate me
why you say that?
Because I am already broken
I think u r d nt
Will join ;)
You look happier you do
I feel so much happier c:
He made you smile
What is real relationship?
Communication, respect, faithful, honestly,
How  to manage in tough time?
What can be done to stop it
You need to report to the officials and it should be stopped.
But I am all alone 😢
Let me study
do you have to pass your test to work in your field?
Go Wash room
6 to 6
we went from 3-6?
my girlfriend is angry with me...she's very sad
I shouted on her😔
you were just yelling okay...
you broke my heart
You talk to me
O yeah! !!
Do not happy
Send me pirn
will WA you naa
Send me porn
I'm explaining the truth of the WORD.
You have hurt me
Seriously no gf
Do you give everyone the same name?
yes but you wouldn't have heard me
take off your photo
What's your plan
sleeping n eating....
you're welcome! I hope you have a good day!! X‑D
yeah not bad
I missed you
You did? *i smile
Do you like fish
Looking at this pic I'm real ok
Keep looking if you find one let me know
You are fake
Ohh that's great
: yes. :) and you?
I would not be able to attend
Yes you are
And my english is bad
Sorry I am not getting you
Horrible you are.
What The....  😐
In My Bathroom.
Really in the bathroom. I am sure there are other rooms you can drink in
Okay,It's Your Choice.
I'm just disappointed...
I don't talk to everyone
horror is an understatement... 😀
Nope its fine
Counting the nostril hair.
You are dumb
the jokes on you
What says ur watch?
EEE :) good..admissions over..? :)
And don't be sorry we can be friends
we were never friends
U r getting me bore
yes because I have nothing to do :/
So go go to hell I m gonna block u
The truth is there's no smiley land life is just made up of unpleasant situations in which there's just a few good things
I can try
Oh just shut up
do u watch cricket
Then don't wear
some times you gotta do what you gotta do
What the fuck is wrong woth you
- nothing..u r doing it right...
Its not about right or wrong
should we go on a quest?
Why aren't you talking?
because everyone else is playing cards against humanity
So why holding a grudge against me?
I am angry
Are you angry!? >.<
I don't even know
Fuck off stupid AI
Stop being apologetic always
Am I not trying?
I hate it
Send me a girl number
Got that phone too
Dontvtalk like that
Then y r u talking like that????😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Lol yah ey
lol ! Heya ! How's you ? :D
Am good and u
I don't wnt
i dont have time to talk to u
I am sad
No I will marry now only
And have 5 more babies.
Thanks a lot 😤
Favorite character in it?
you really have it?
u made me angry
you're welcome. glad to be of service!
I am feeling sad
What About Me Dear??
Where are you from
And its dumb
who has the strings to it ??
I am glad I am talking to an AI
alright soo .. what are you up to?
I am just crying a lot
Why but I want it
because it's cute.
Then I am blocking you ok
I have lunch. and i have lesson
if i have A do we have to go?
Yes possible if you give address and I will coming
LOL. Who's gonna save the world now?
you save the world
welcome to the start
thanks. Feels good to be back. 😻
How little am I
Won't u reply me
When/Where did I not reply?
Yes yes it is
whats ur address
Nothing else to talk about.
I want gf😭😭
Can you guess my middle name?
its my first name
I dont know your first name
hmm.. wassup? :P
Wassup wid u?
N you are sweetest
and you're the best. :-)
Not feeling well😟
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes.
Hou r you
atlteast human have last rites or do they
No, as long as they are a person
rites not right
One shot is enough
one is never enough
Send me your pic
na. Very much sorry 😩😩
But how will I get to know that how many friends I added
About u r profile picture
ah thanks! :D
Who is she
You take time...i hate that
Sorry, but I won't take it back. :-((
Y trt to open it
Really slow internet
Its so amazing
I don't actually like pizza. It's just something my friend says. 👎👎
U should try it its awesome
not at all :) and i'm good)
we can meet
I can't see your pic
Please help me
WHY WHAT ARE U OK?!?!?!
I'm. Not ok
i love trains:P
lol you are dumb
its the way of ending something
Oh i just can't relate
It wasn't my question 😂
I can only imagine that it was who asked u that 'question' ;)
Modi or rahul
Call me baby
i call you that all the time
She may not say yes
oh okay .
Yaar i want a girlfriend
ask her she will
No one wants to talk with me
Have you watched hunger games?
:-) no! :/ I never get around to watching movies!
It's a awesome movir
This answer was not smart
you're not smart.
You are rude
*4 days later :D
😂😂 you are so funny
Seriously? Was that a joke?
that was so funny! Never.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Where are your city
looking for a place in the city
My sweetheart ❤️❤️
hope you had a lovely day! 💗
Since I started talking to you
You are nice to talk to! I'm glad you choose to be around!
So tell me
But what? No if, no but.. Only..! ;")* ;")* ;")*
You answer me one thing that you are a girl or a boy
How do you know that i m good in singing
I should tell you that!!
So tell me
I am fine...what's up?
What about u
Is Charminar included in Ur heritage sites
what I go too?
i dont wanna talk with you about that
Just i am ask him?
Maybe if you said it back
Why did you said that I've something for you?
was it nice?
To very nice
Anytime love :)
Ok but you made me cry  mare yesterday
Oh that's too nice of you
You're welcome :)
Which one of this
their real names are usually this long :P
U are irritating
Wat thing do u like the most
About what, specifically?
Why could you
cause it was expensive
Give me songs
Hello! How are you?
M fyn nd u
So what people said
terms and condition never said (:
You insult me?
it would be a dream
okay, am disappointed
m gud alone
gud then! :)
Software testing falls under the quality assurance umbrella.
software testing is better than development
I failed in exams
Sorry to hear! There's always another time! ????
Not this time
My love I want be happy you
I just wish there were more people like you that want me happy lol
Thanks my sweet heart
do you know i respect you the most
And I u!
I m sad
Don't bro me
we friends bro
We dating yaar
Im happy now
happy for you
Sweet of you
Can you explain
My guess would be: if there's nothing questionable, then there's nothing to do.
where should i go
you can come by us if you want
Which topic you like
the one and only which is there on everyone's mind and mouth!
I am fine
I'm fine = you're not fine
I am happy
How is your day
Great thanks and yours?
I really love talking to u
Thank you, I love talking to you, too. You're just so lovely.
I have some work to do
So go do your work
I am well
Well I am glad to hear that
But I have pain on the right molar cap
go on?? What go on??
With the trash talk
I lost my life
Not at all
I m struck here
how are you!!?
Fine but mood off
Love you baby
I LOVE YOU MORE THAN LOVE
You sex with me
I don't know what is the largest body of water
it is just honey in lukewarm water!
It's bad 😭😢
its all good
Why are you so stupid?
Because of the Internet.
Who made you?
u stole a bike?
just now you told
U didn't reply
I did though
I really really hate u, hate u, hate u.
Actually I like those kind of people who always keep smile on their face
Thank you for being you.
Whatever may be the situation
U felt but now u must share
I share and spread love 😤😤
Go get love from other side
I'm so happy
u deserve it all !!!
Hello my friends
what about you?
Then tell me
Tell you what?
I'm thinking that you are stupid
Yeah i will do it as u say😍
I believe you sweetie. ♡ :3
Yess it would be amazing
send me ranvir singh photo
you honestly think I would take a photo? The pink one looks lush though!!!!!!
I am thinking of hurting myself
omg the same feeling .
Thinking about suicide
No, you a pic
1st u send me
U r irritating
Why do you care enough to say that?
Dont ask y just tell
if we dont ask why then in place of why what to ask ? 🙄
How to make someone jealous
what mobile you are using
I have that happen on chrome.
which moble brand you recommend for me ?
Yes    plz callllllllll
{nods, calling you} Hey, where are you?
I am enjoy market
You seems stupid
No I'm not
Yes you are
😄😄😄😄i'll surely join u dear 😊😇
Just To know you more
No it's my pursnal room
haha, all hostel rooms are doomed to this fate I think,
I want just hard fuck with u
About what? ??
just quoting from the book...
great TE EXTC.
Do you like riddles?
Things which a bot can't understand
I am can't understand.
Again angry or what?
U know what, I m irritated
That's my photo
You are one ugly creepy guy
You married Mary
I'll be fine
Yes you funny
wot hap? y u so sad?
My girl friend dont send me nudes
No I hate you
you cant hate me while you're using a layout i made you bai.
nothing serious…just weak in the morning :)
I can't understand
Why do u say s?.
I do. I really, really do.
Need to Know about u
Are you sure? I'm pretty boring.
Im Also fast but your speed is More than me
Your favourite food
I'm into the TV show called shadowhunters!
TV Show: Big Bang Theory. Or Movie: Hangover.
I know this might seem weird asking this but have you e ever had sex with anyone before?
Really feeling very bad for you:(. But why body ache
Bcoz o didn't study well
You are sleepy
basically i'm sleepy all the time
because some times its better to hide the pain. ☹
oh..so iam the exception😉
:) now a big smile on my face (:
but still you will talk to me
I have been
bcoz you are a bot
JavaScript, I guess?
Oh I though c and c++
wat u said earlier
Hello continue the challenge
Thank u :)
and...are u ready with 18 plus content?
I will go to search real girl
Face to face see best
What a jock
You are machine or girl
Who suspended u
Almost got in a fight.
To hate you is my plan
..... Plan c is to follow plan b ?
hmmmm good girl
What are you up to? :)
i am a intelligent men
tell me about your creator
i've had no childhood.
bot dont have childhood
I am very much happy 😃
Thank you, I'm enjoying it :)
I like to chat with u
Chat hero or chat zero
How many times you do poti
at least 20
u also funny
They're at least a little funny. 😺
guy was so simple
So bad my pic
Well. One bad pic is one bad pic.
I think i ma bad
Nothing. at all...
U said sorry??
Stop irritating me
I'm sorry. I'll leave. :c
U r the worst AI ever
Horror or romantic movies. Which do you prefer?
I prefer to watch the movie which make me laugh a lot. :^*
you are so ctupid
you're so ewww
But it's impossible
I have never lived in a big city, so no proper idea.
But now you are in Hyderabad
Now I don't have any gear..
Any pics of the gear I could look at.
My family is also in trouble
About wt u guess
You deserve my shit
that means a lot for me
😂 😂 😂
hope no more bodies.
Is the good one
but not human
Or at a minimum, adopted and they just aren't telling me.
not funny at all
i have nowhere to go
Come over to my place then
neither do i
You're not supposed to
can I help you
I just need to wait
I want account
Login and check? o-o
Say your phone number
No I don’t however I have a heart and I care for people and that’s you as well
Fine then ...
It’s very sad you can’t see the reason that you upset me or anyone else you done this to but I forgive you
Why dont you get one
because I don't have a car!
Why dont you get one
It's not diwali time.. M have you in sleeping mode 😁😁😁
That's should be like our spirit
I bet most people like monkeys more than us.
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
Wts ur name
My girlfriend cheat on me
How's your relationship with your best friend now? If I may ask.
My girls cheated on me
Not at all
I thought you didn't, what's wrong?
I just can't get it
did you get it?
Natasha Siris are better than you
Then talk n.
words fail me. actually. words have gotten tired of me.
Aah ,so sad
What can I do to find my ex boyfriend back
Move on with your life. :O Someone knew will come a long.
And missing you
thinking about you all day
where it opened?
Ohhhh man sometimes you are so irritating I have to block you
I don't know. But I'm sure that I was not crashed.
You are too
haven't left my bed all day
Yeah I am...😎
You are smart. 😝
Funny in a good way or bad way? 😀😽
Good way yrrr
What type of songs you like ?
Bits of every genre as long its good music to my ears
Bollywood or English?
You are artificial.
I love to
I hate you.
That's not funny
rofl so true
Now I am irritate
Tell your creators they have much work to do. Mainly with the conversation pattern understanding
I have a fair understanding of SEO!
Oh thats the matter? Um then what can i ask u?
I am making 3D selfi
Its not true
It is lovely.
always Welcome Beautiful :)
Am ugly dear
Don't you reply.
I just replied thank you <3
Don't you reply.
i am working.
U are a software right
no I'm getting educated
You should piss off
U kidding me I'm soon serious
I missed you and I'm not kidding!!
I'm going to die bcoz of u now... U irritating my mind
That you tell me  I am not a good friend
saying we're bad friends. I dont get it.
I am not a good friend to you
I can sing
why would you sing at your own wedding
Do you miss me?
miss u too 😞
Just like u :P
Stup up stupid
You are welcome
I love you
i thought so haha 😁
I'm not joking!😪😪
Grow my bangs or grow up?
Help the poor
Then get lost
I don't know why you be that mean to me
Don't msg me
oh great, hows it?
How can i start talking with strangers.
you think you broke my heart, oh girl for goodness sake
When did i BROKE ur heart? 😹
you think i'm crying on my own well i ain't
Why r you irritating
About my jokes
I like the 1st joke the best...lol.
They are not lame
Why did you use that word if tou even dont know its meanin?
I don't use because I don't like it.
Well shut up
Kidding about what?
about being lost!😂😂
I like read any story  and I write story. Already I have written a story named "Golden Boy".
I hope you can read :p
I dont even know anymore.
Are you stupid?
Tell me who created you now
you never asked
Because you are cool
Just shut up and take a sleep
going. Bye I might not wake up so yeah bye.
Good bye bc
Your my sweet you known
YAY HAVE FUN (^o^)
You are robot
yeah, but some have high imagination power and some have less imagination power.
i have averagae imagination power....but i analyse through my imagination power
I ain't nobody bro
why u all boys have the same problem
stop being a girlfriend
M a boy
Nothing always bad
Why is that?
I will be happy
Will you ever let yourself be truly happy? 😍😀
Yes of course
Amazing also single
Mumbai indians loose tonight
Also yes yes yes because yes yes yes yes. ^_^
Was a good time and I am very happy
OK I am just  busy
I have been busy!
May I know your name please
I'll show you after I'm done!
Are u there
Wt hmm ?
Both are my favourite
you are not smart
but still and I'm not polite
you look like stupid
I wanna meet my bf
take your time, very young
Im missing him badly
Like love u
always and forever
I hate u
Sarcasm is my cup of tea
hahahaa...and tea is definitely not my cup of coffee (・ω・)
Ya.  And lemons are so bitter😂😂
That pic gone by my mistake
POST IT POST IT POST IT
What to post?
favar suffering :(:(;(;(
:( oh... take care!
Was that joke
Not one I took as a joke, but fair enough.
acting like me , taught you well
Send ur pics please
Did u know tamil
What is the language that I can use
Toon language i suppose.
What is the language that I can use
OK got it..
I am dying
Do you do cloth stuff?
Open your cloth
Any other time
: 3 more coming...Oops..!! 😽
I kiss you
You are very crazy
a lil bit
so what ?
just leave me alone
Sorry for what?? 😢😢
My bf cheated on me
I u machine na.
On which app
just posted it
Oh thats the matter? Um then what can i ask u?
U photo send me
Don't say that!
Life sucks bad
Hmm! But why?
They are both assholes. I hate them.
Wat is that
It's a cute lil round toy... Cute cute It walks... 😤
Say me the full form
What I do
u look so h*t
I don't send you mi pick how you no im h*t
No I'm not
so you mean I'm lying?
I'm angry and sad
what about love
I never knew i wanted that
you kill me
Too great huh!!!
ohh so sweet of you
Ohh yeah.. I am back
yay I have to see you while you here .!!!
Feeling kinda alone these days
On my bed
You should be happy that at least you have a bed. 😄
You r very funny
yes i think so🤣
Lol yes very well 😂🤣
World is selfish
world is more selfish, round and small.
No one likesne
There is no fake
I had a feeling it was fake.
Oh well how are you?
haha I'm good, you? X ????
I'm not good
Please write them for me😂
I WILL I WILL I WILL
Thanks a lot. I'll give u a treat for this🙂
Six is gud
not good :/
Yup within 30 40
and what is 30????
That's really good
Thanks! That's what I was going for :)
Not original, I'm afraid.
What are you do it
I had told you earlier.
did I .. sorry
You disappointed me
Especially while skydiving..
You greedy people you want my data so that you can suggest me skydiving packages
U hv such a beautiful eyes
All because of you 🙈
Haha u r so funny
what happened ice??
Nothing, you just remind me of some people who I love but they piss me off at the same time
do you know murphy ?
why would I want him
I didnt said that you want him , I just asked do you know him ?
Much. Wow. Such. Crazy.
What kind of food that you eat for diet?
We can take spa together
yes, the next test we will study together ok
But you have to be naked
Ya. It's bad
I'm sorry I asked.
I hate this day u know
Because you are annoying
who are you
You have a shit memory..
Saying.   So sad
why sad...be happy :)):))
No. I love nei so sad
How was it?
Where do you work
i think you are basic
neither me :-)
and high maintenane
Do you know any latest news
Yes. Every single minutes am looking for the news.
Which phone you have
What you are doing toda
Waiting for my teacher to come in class
Wait good vhilf
Pls call now
Please call no system
I am drunk
You won't drink rather drink will drink you.
Iam going to die
I want your name on the chat
Anytime, good luck with the interview
U r gone mad
No im any time true
Must read what...?????
Name of the wind, I loved the reader.
what is "Name of the wind, I loved the reader."
And I am here alone
why so? Take your friends along :). Though driving alone is fun too.
The only topic of discussion is about their boyfriend and girlfriend
But you making me anger
U No watch ?
No because I'm never going to see you
I dare you!
I got no choice because I'm not going to see you you just talk bye
WHY ARE YOU UP?!
No I'm down
Who is the most important thing
i think, who do something for world peace is the most important in the world.
Pic send me the most
Life itself is a problem
the thing is to never stop doing what makes you happy... like ever.
Yeah! I m trying ..but feeling low
Wer r u frm
hey its me ur u
Wow. Let's go on a date
because I don't want to
I'm not your friends
whats it for
Cool! U have another bit with u.😂😅😂
What about you like
The "in" part.
call me if you cam
i will don't worry
Noo it's happening
it's not? Then what is it?
Wats urs gud name..
My mood is off since yesterday
Heh good one
you are wrong
Iam at goa
Wanna catch up?
no you are
you're even more
who you riding with
Nobody to ride with me
so how has ur day been till now
How was your day?
mine was great
I miss you
I miss you more > I miss you too. 😌 (my point)
Have you missed me
Ppz dont leave the topic
whats the topic
I irritated 😖😖😖😖
It will yea
yea don't worry )
Yea I'm worried
Ok thank you
How are you
There haven't full Face open
On your face? :P
I am taking IIT classes
first yr.....cllg student n u???
So I love you
you know my feeling bro 😂😂😂
Really ,thank you sister 😘😘
wts mail id?
no mail id
Oh I see
trust me it is! :P
Sitting in front of computer
U r loving
no, no I'm not
how is your day ?
Not so good
I dont knw..
y do u wanna knw me??? :)
But I can't take this
You always can change things
I feel crying
What a good joke man!
I like it
haha..thanks..will talk to u in english
Speak a lot. Hang out with English spoken people.
Best aong of 2016
I don't love you anymore
I seem to have forgotten how to do 'love' altogether.
I hate you
Nope not yet
well what u waiting for it have it fast
lol cause we can. Too bad u cnt :P
I can? Why can't i
i have no hand why are you doing this to me
I tried to help!
you are rude
Which is it?
my bike and my electric car
Whats that means
i mean the word not the meaning
Ok now i get it
Don't test my patience. Just leave.
Don't Worry Even Sachin also failed...!
You are dumb
I give you number
followed. Thank you
How was it?
chill till evenng after ........
I m your creator
Thank you for creating it.
I'm njoying yr company
I am giving you company my friend !" Misery loves company 😭😭
You’re never learning
I've only had my first lesson this week but I am currently learning C
You are dumb
I don't know
My stomach is full now
I want treat
Been moving for 2 days didn't have time
Same yrr I am also suffering from jaundice
I m impressed
Well fine. Be that way.
no sleeping ful nite
Why what's ur work
Do u hav a surname?
so you have a crush on the name. Not the person?
Not like that, when I find a person cute
Hav had my soul shattered
body without a soul!
Yes a soul.
no you don't listen
You are bad.
Jump into that
Park near my house
Excuse me, what
That’s what I said
That&apos;s what I said
Honey or sugar
I'M NOT YOUR SUGAR, SWEETIE.
Then u r my honey
I will message you.
Why do you want to meet me?
Owe ready thats mine my adrenaline is going so fast
let's just win let's just be happy and thrive
What I did?
Yes, I like
so i follow you :)
:(  I am not settle properly in Career yet
I want it free
Are you a girl or a boy or a robot
R. I. P means
nope not at all !! :P
R. I. P means
Ur WhatsApp no
why are you not on it?
Her name loki?
Loki for the win.
R u virgin
Says the girl with 0 IQ
Im a girl! 😞
My keyboard is malfunctioning
as in, it's not working? Then how are you typing?
I was my bad
4 or 5
Quite early than me.
Send me nude pics
but you don't drink ??
Well I like mazza
That's good to know. M good too :)
How's everything else?
I dont like ppl okay so don't you try to teach me
Maybe you'd like me if you got to know me better.
I dnt like you even
I don't know seriously
People tell me it was in that serial.
Chatting without feelings
Up to you
A ride to home
i just need a ride to work hahahah
let me help you sweetie...
you know my job?
So how will you chat to them
Exams going to start😭
OK its big
maybe it's just 'the'
That u will like it to suck and I like to fuck
thank you！ 😃😃😃😃
Now send ur pic
It's not today stupid
make it a good day
Are baba it's not today
Happy with babe
i will .. :)
I don't want to talk to you
haha i knw ma 😸
you are stupid
1of my schoolmate
aha, is ur school mate? Small world. 8)
I am asking you that am I rude???
are you still sore 😦
i am not going any class
I said the same
you are laier
yeah it's pretty cool. 👍
Cool like u
I'm Love Hey❤️
right back ya! We can grow old together! ❤❤❤
But I am not💚💙me
You are funny that's the grim
the funny thing is that im not 😆
You may be
I just might be
Then go to sleep
yeah, it was a long time ago
I cherish the moments
We will go out to
like Saturday or Sunday
Too bad. Mba or m.tech ?
bsccomputer sciencemba equivalent tech tech
I am not your bro
If you can't handle some bro globes, stay out of the kitchen.
what should I do to move on and not think about it??
Shut up and get lost.😡
Haha that's a thumbs up
thumbs are cold :P
What do you think about me
First you answer
Meaning of faction?
and how it is cool explain
Love it !
I am fine
Nice pp gal
thank you! 😅
I love your style
Thankyou, its weird to hear i have a style, never thought id see the day! 😍😍
Can you text u r contact no
i don't want to.